URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-hyderabad/
Title: 55 Places To Visit In Hyderabad For All (2023 Updated List)!
Description: 55 Tourist Places in Hyderabad - Explore these places to visit in Hyderabad in 2023 like Hussain Sagar Lake & more to relish the best of Nizam culture!
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        55 Fascinating Places To Visit In Hyderabad In 2024 To Witness The Rich History And Glory

        ..
        SHARES

        19 Apr  2023

            Written by Christina Patrick 

Owing much of its fame to the historical Nizam’s culture, it is hard not to agree when Hyderabad is often referred to as the New York of India. Be it the racing lifestyle, the young crowd, modern-day culture, old traditions, historical attractions, or the local population, these glorious places to visit in Hyderabad will take you through the length and breadth of the city, beyond the city’s much hyped biryani scenes. And without a doubt, travelers can totally look forward to having a time of their lives at these 44 must-visit and famous tourist and hangout places in Hyderabad.
55 Best Places To Visit In Hyderabad
Are you planning a vacation to Hyderabad? A trip to Hyderabad will be incomplete if you miss out these tourist places while exploring the rich glory of this city of Nawabs. From tourist attractions to theme parks, temples to museums, there is a lot to see in Hyderabad. It offers experiences for all kinds of travelers. Here is the list of the 55 best places to visit in Hyderabad that will surely make your stay a memorable one in 2023:

Charminar: Awe-inspiring Architecture
Golkonda Fort: An Archeological Gem
Mecca Masjid: A Heritage Site
Qutb Shahi Tombs: Marvel at the Persian Architecture
Hussain Sagar Lake: Mesmerizing Views
Ramoji Film City: Paradise for Movie Buffs
Nehru Zoological Park: Befriend Various Species
Snow World: Have Some Snowy Fun
Lumbini Park: Refresh Your Senses
Birla Mandir: Seek Solace
Salar Jung Museum: National Treasure
Nehru Centenary Tribal Museum: Cultural Mirror
Chowmahalla Palace: Adorned with Grandeur
NTR Gardens: A Lush Escapade
Shilparamam: Idyllic Man-Made Village
Jalavihar: A Splash of Fun
Birla Planetarium: Fusion of Entertainment & Science
Purani Haveli: Exuding Royalty
Laad Bazaar: Vibrant Market
Durgam Cheruvu: Serene Lake
Chilkur Balaji Temple: Radiating Divinity
Taj Falaknuma Palace: Embellished with Opulence
Gandipet Lake: Experience Tranquillity
Mount Opera: Loaded with Fun
Paigah Tombs: Stunning Architecture
Taramati Baradari: Majestic Interiors
Tank Bund: A Refreshing Evening Escape
Necklace Road: Prepossessing Views
Sanghi Temple: Seek Blessings
KBR National Park: For Nature Lovers
Wonderla Amusement Park: An Exhilarating Experience
Sudha’s Car Museum: Intriguing Handmade Cars
Sri Jagannath Temple: Fascinating Infrastructure
Nizam’s Museum: Depicting Luxury
ISKCON Temple: Sparkling with Spirituality
Madina Market: Every Shopaholic’s Dream
Paigah Palace: Marvellous Architecture
GVK One Mall: Fun Day-out
Osman Sagar Lake: Eye-pleasing Views
Nagarjuna Sagar Dam: Jaw-dropping Views
Inorbit Mall: For Shopping & Fun
Peddamma Temple: Stunning Architecture
Sri Rama Chandra Swamy Temple: An Ancient Temple
Charminar Bazaar: Explore the Old-world Charm
Begum Bazaar: Relish the Vibrant Aura
Ocean Park: For a Good Time
Botanical Garden: Nature’s Splendour
Moazzam Jahi Market: Reflecting Hyderabad’s Culture
Nalgonda: An Ancient City
Mahabubnagar: Haven for History Buffs
Jewel Of Nizam – The Minar: Dine Around Opulence
Paradise Biryani: Biryani Lovers’ Sweet Retreat
Kismet: A Party Animals’ Den
Coco’s Bar And Grill: For Soothing All Senses
Amnesia Lounge Bar And Club: For Ultimate Culinary Experience

1. Charminar: Awe-inspiring Architecture

Serving as a iconic landmark to look forward to, Charminar is one of the most reckoned structures of all the historical places in India. It is indeed one of the places to visit in Hyderabad in 1 day for all travelers alike. The history of Charminar goes back to 1500s. Originally built as a mosque, the glorious Charminar stands as an epitome of art and architecture in the heart of the city. Also, it is a must for the food lovers to relish some of the best Hyderabad street food near Charminar. Here are the details about Charminar. This is amongst the best things to do in Hyderabad in winter.
Location: Charkaman, Ghansi Bazaar, Hyderabad, Telangana 500002Timings: Monday to Sunday – 9:30 AM to 5:30 PMFamous For: It is famous for its striking Mughal architecture. Built By: Muhammad Quli Qutb ShahiBuilt In: 1591 AD Tip: It is best to visit the monument early in the morning. TripAdvisor Reviews
101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 

South Weekend Holiday Packages On TravelTriangle

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

South Weekend Family Tour Package 3D/2N @ Rs 4,999
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting South Weekend Tour 4D/3N @ Rs 6,999
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

South Weekend Tour 5D/4N Packages @ Rs 9,999 
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Enchanting South Weekend 5D/4N Packages @ Rs 12,999 
Best prices guaranteed. EMI option available.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Golkonda Fort: An Archeological Gem

Image Source
If you are looking for popular places in Hyderabad, you cannot miss Golkonda Fort. A treasure in the chest of Hyderabad, the Archaeological Survey of India considers the Golkonda Fort as an archaeological gem which is also one of best night places to visit in Hyderabad. A former capital of the Qutb Shahi Dynasty, this citadel now serves as one of the famous picnic spots in Hyderabad. An architectural masterpiece of all times, it is a strict no no to miss out on this fort of all the Hyderabad attractions.
Location: Khair Complex, Ibrahim Bagh, HyderabadTimings: 9:00 AM to 5.30 PM – EverydayFamous For: It is famous for its impenetrable structure.Built By: Sultan Quli Qutb-ul-MulkBuilt In: c. 1512–1687Tip: Do not  miss the evening show when visiting the fort. TripAdvisor Reviews
3. Mecca Masjid: A Heritage Site

Image Source
A religious site by nature, Mecca or Makkah Masjid happens to be one of the oldest places to see in Hyderabad. Listed as one of the top heritage sites in India, the Masjid got its name after the bricks that were brought for construction from the famous city of Mecca in Saudi Arabia. Standing tall at a height of 23 meters, this fascinating Masjid is not only the most spectacular places to visit in Hyderabad India but also one of the largest mosques in India.
Location: Near Charminar, Ghansi Bazaar, Hyderabad, Telangana 500002Timings: 4:00 AM to 9:30 PMFamous For: This is the holiest site of Islam.Built By: Muhammad Quli Qutb ShahBuilt In: 1693Tip: Carry a bag to keep your footwear as you can wear them inside the Mecca. TripAdvisor Reviews
37 Best Road Trips From Hyderabad 
4. Qutb Shahi Tombs: Marvel at the Persian Architecture

Image Source
Located within the premises of Ibrahim Bagh, the Qutb Shahi Tombs is reckoned to be one of the most historical places in Hyderabad as it houses the tombs of all the seven rulers of Qutub Shahi Dynasty. Casting a magical spell on the visitors with its grandeur, travelers will surely be charmed to witness the tombs that strike a perfect balance between the Indian and Persian style of architecture.
Location: Qutub Shahi Tombs, Hyderabad, Telangana 500008Timings: Saturday to Thursday – 9:30 AM to 4:30 PM; Closed on FridaysEntry Fee: INR 5 Per Child; INR 10 Per Adult; INR 20 Per CameraFamous For: It is famous for its Indo-Islamic architecture.Built By: Qutb Shahi Built In: 1550 A.D.Tip: Do not forget to carry your cameras along to capture the beauty of these structures!TripAdvisor Reviews
5. Hussain Sagar Lake: Mesmerizing Views

Image Source
Considered to be one of the largest man-made lakes in the heart of the city, Hussain Sagar Lake is one of the most romantic places to visit in Hyderabad city for couples. Other than offering majestic views of the massive Buddha statue located in middle of the lake, one can also enjoy boating and parasailing activities that also makes it one of the most happening places to visit in Hyderabad at night.
Location: 2 kms from the Hyderabad Center, Hyderabad, TelanganaTimings: Tuesdays to Sundays – 9:00 AM to 9:00 PM; Closed on MondaysEntry Fee: INR 5 per personBoat Transfers: INR 30 for adults and INR 20 for childrenFamous For: It is famous for being the largest artificial lake of Asia. Built By: Ibrahim Quli Qutb ShahBuilt In: 1563Tip: This lake is easily accessible by the local public transport. TripAdvisor Reviews
13 Best Beaches Near Hyderabad 
6. Ramoji Film City: Paradise for Movie Buffs

Ever heard that big surprises come in small packages? Well Ramoji Film City sure does live upto that expression. It not only is one of the famous tourist places in Hyderabad but also holds a Guinness World Book Record for being a home to more than 50 well-equipped film sets at a single location. Did you know that before? The price for Ramoji film city ticket is INR 1150 for adults and INR 950 for kids.
Location: Anaspur Village, Hayathnagar Mandal, HyderabadTimings: Monday to Sunday – 9:00 AM to 5.30 PMFamous For: It is famous for being the world’s biggest film studio. Built By: Ramoji RaoBuilt In: 1996Tip: Make sure you are going with a group of friends or family!TripAdvisor Reviews
7. Nehru Zoological Park: Befriend Various Species

Image Source
A home to about 1500 odd animals across various species, Nehru Zoological Park is one of the must visit attractions on a Hyderabad city tour. Spread across an area of about 380 acres, it also happens to be one of the largest zoos in India. Surprised much?
Location: Zoo Park Main Road, Kishan Bagh, Bahadurpura, HyderabadTimings: Tuesdays to Sunday – 8.30 AM to 4.30 PM; Closed on MondaysEntry Fee: INR 20 per adult; INR 10 per child; INR 20 per still camera; INR 100 per video camera; INR 500 for professional shoots; and INR 1000 per car or jeepFamous For: It is famous for being the first multi-arch masonry dam in the entire world.Built By: Government of TelanganaBuilt In: 1963Tip: Make sure you plan your visit in a way that you are able to spend at least 3 to 4 hours here. TripAdvisor Reviews
10 Haunted Places In Hyderabad 
8. Snow World: Have Some Snowy Fun

Image Source
Considered to be one-of-a-kind Hyderabad attractions, Snow World is an unique amusement park located in the heart of the city and right next to the Hussain Sagar Lake. Spread across a land of about 2 acres, Snow World promises a fun-filled day amidst the snow for friends, families, and all travelers alike. The Snow World ticket price is INR 500 onwards.
Location: Survey No. 57, Lower Tank Bund Road, Near Lake View Hotel, Hyderabad, Telangana 500080Timings: Monday to Sunday – 11:00 AM to 9:00 PMFamous For: It is famous for giving one a chance to play around in snow throughout the year in central region of the country. Built By: Nitish RoyBuilt In: 2004 Tip: If you are skiing, make sure there is enough gap between you and the person in front!TripAdvisor Reviews
9. Lumbini Park: Refresh Your Senses

Image Source
A modern urban park located at the core of the city, Lumbini Park is one of the refreshing night best places to visit in Hyderabad for couples. Letting the locals unwind after a tiring day and entertaining the travelers with the magical light and sound show, the park is dedicated to Lord Buddha and is named after Lumbini of Nepal.
Location: Opposite Secretariat New Gate, Khairatabad, Hyderabad, Telangana 500004Timings: Monday to Sunday – 9:00 AM to 9:00 PMLaser Show Timings: Weekdays – 7.15 PM; Weekends: 7.15 PM and 8.30 PMFamous For: It is famous for being a perfect spot to relax and enjoy the tranquil surroundings.Built By: Hyderabad Urban Development AuthorityBuilt In: 1994Tip: You can skip the queues and opt for buying tickets online. TripAdvisor Reviews
39 Charming Tourist Places Near Hyderabad 
10. Birla Mandir: Seek Solace

Image Source
Spread across a land that measures about 13 acres, and perched high on a hill at a height of around 280-feet, Birla Mandir is one of the famous religious places to visit in Hyderabad in 2 days. Popular amongst the Hindu population and all travelers across the country, it is set on a hillock called Naubat Pahad and was inaugurated by Swami Ranganathananda himself who runs the Ramakrishna Mission.
Location: Hill Fort Rd, Ambedkar Colony, Khairatabad, Hyderabad, Telangana 500004Timings: Monday to Sunday – 7:00 AM to 12:00 PM; 3:00 PM to 9:00 PMFamous For: It is famous for being home to the replica of idol of Balaji in Tirupati.Built By: G.D. BirlaBuilt In: 1966Tip: Since it’s a temple, it advised to go fully clothed. Avoid shorts, skirts, and tank tops.TripAdvisor Reviews
11. Salar Jung Museum: A National Treasure

Image Source
Renowned to be one of the largest and one amongst the only three National Museums in India, Salar Jung Museum is one of the best places to visit in Hyderabad that is dedicated to every form of age-old art. Enjoying a favored location at Darushifa, this popular museum is set on the banks of River Musi and is home to paintings, sculptures, manuscripts, carvings, artifacts, and lots more from all over the world.
Location: Salar Jung Road, Near Minar Function Hall, Darulshifa, Hyderabad, Telangana 500002Timings: Saturday to Thursday – 10:00 AM to 5:00 PMFamous For: It is famous for its collection of carpets, sculptures, ceramics, ancient manuscripts, and textiles. Built By: Mir Yousuf Ali KhanBuilt In: 16 December 1951Tip: Do not touch anything as these artifacts have been well-preserved for centuries now. Website | TripAdvisor Reviews
8 Picnic Spots Near Hyderabad That A Perfect Rejuvenating Retreat From The Hustle Of Daily Lives!
12. Nehru Centenary Tribal Museum: Cultural Mirror

Image Source
Portraying the beauty of different cultures, traditions, customs, and lifestyle of the various local tribes of Andhra Pradesh, the Nehru Centenary Tribal Museum is one of those Hyderabad attractions that unites all the locals of the city. While Hill Reddy, Bagata, and Kondareddy are some of the main tribes that are being represented here, the museum is one of the best places to visit in Hyderabad to learn more about the heritage and history of Hyderabad and its people.
Location: Owaisi Pura, Masab Tank, Hyderabad, Telangana 500028Timings: Monday to Saturday – 10:30 AM to 5:00 PMFamous For: It is famous for showcasing everything one needs to know about indigenous tribes. Built By: NABuilt In: NATip: Photography is not allowed inside the museum, so do not carry cameras.
13. Chowmahalla Palace: Adorned with Grandeur

Image Source
As it is popularly known as Chowmahallatuu among the locals, the fascinating Chowmahalla Palace is undoubtedly one of the best best places to visit in Hyderabad for couples that manifests the real essence of Nizam’s culture. Having served as the royal residence of the Nizams, and the royal seat of Asaf Jahi Dynasty in the bygone era, the Chowmahalla Palace is one of the most famous palaces in India. It continues to impress the travelers with the grandeur and rich historical past.
Location: 20-4-236, Motigalli, Khilwat, Hyderabad, Telangana 500002Timings: Saturday to Thursday – 10:00 AM to 5:00 PM; Closed on FridaysFamous For: It got its fame as the seat of the rulers of the Asaf Jahi dynasty. Built By: Nizam Salabat JungBuilt In: 1750Tip: Food is not allowed inside the park. There is a small canteen outside the Palace. TripAdvisor Reviews
17 Places Near Hyderabad  That You Don’t Need To Skip Your Office For
14. NTR Gardens: A Lush Escapade

Of all the places to visit in Hyderabad, NTR Gardens is comparatively a newest addition to the family of tourist attractions in the city. Dedicated and built in the memory of Late Shri N.T. Rama Rao, a visit to the lush NTR Gardens is a must for those who’re in search for a place to revive their mind, body, and soul.
Location: NTR Marg, Central Secretariat, Khairatabad, HyderabadTimings: Monday to Sunday – 24 HoursEntry Fee: INR 15 per adult; INR 10 per child; INR 30 per camera; INR 65 per video cameraFamous For: It is famous for being a memorial for former chief minister Late Shri N.T. Rama Rao. Built By: Government of Andhra PradeshBuilt In: 2002Tip: Do not indulge in plucking any flowers from the garden. TripAdvisor Reviews
15. Shilparamam: Idyllic Man-Made Village

Image Source
A quaint little man-made village, Shilparamam is one of the best tourist places in Hyderabad which is dedicated to arts, handicrafts, and culture. Putting up a lot of cultural and traditional shows for the visitors and all travelers, Shilparamam is built on a village theme which also houses a museum as well as a lake inside. Also, for when you visit this gorgeous attraction, do not miss out on treating your taste buds to authentic Awadhi cuisines at Sahib’s Barbeque which is one of the best restaurants in Hyderabad.
Location: Jubilee Enclave, Hitech City, Near Cyber Towers, Hyderabad, Telangana 500081Timings: Monday to Sunday – 10:30 AM to 8:00 PMEntry Fee: INR 40 per adult; INR 20 per child; INR 30 per person for boating; INR 15 per person for battery-operated carsFamous For: It is famous for shopping not only among locals but also tourists. Built By: NABuilt In: 1998Tip: Make sure you practice your bargaining skills before heading for shopping. Website| TripAdvisor Reviews
26 Fascinating Tourist Places In Telangana 
16. Jalavihar: A Splash of Fun

Image Source
One of the most visited places in Hyderabad located at the Necklace road, Jalavihar is one of the popular and best water parks in Hyderabad which is a perfect day-out place for the families and kids. It has varied options for entertainment within its boundaries. From the water rides like the Mini Aqua Trailers and Tilt bucket to the various options of dry rides, this place makes a great place to head towards with kids. Jalavihar ticket price is INR 350 per person.
Location: 22/9, Necklace Road, Hussain Sagar, Hyderabad, Telangana, 500063, IndiaTimings: 10:30 AM – 7:00 PM (Open Daily)Famous For: It is famous among kids who wish to beat the summer heat in Hyderabad. Built By: N V Rama RajuBuilt In: 20 May 2007Tip: Make sure you have Nylon swimming costumes to enter the water park. TripAdvisor Reviews
17. Birla Planetarium: Fusion of Entertainment & Science

Birla Planetarium ranks among the most modern planetariums in the country, located at the Naubat Pahad in the heart of Hyderabad. Established in the year of 1985, this is one of the popular sightseeing places in the city which is not only favourite amongst the children but also the adults. This was the first phase of the Birla Science centre which was indeed a landmark in terms of innovation and bridging the gap between common masses and the science.
Location: Near Birla Temple, Ambedkar Colony, Hyderabad, Telangana, 500004, IndiaTimings: 11:30 AM- 8:00 PMFamous For: It is famous for maintaining the international standards of presentation. Built By:  P. A. SingaraveluBuilt In: 1985Tip: You can book your tickets online and save some time. TripAdvisor Reviews
7 Resorts In Hyderabad Where You Can Plan You Lavish Getaway This Year!
18. Purani Haveli: Exuding Royalty

Image Source
Purani Haveli is a beautifully built European style architecture which was built in the 19th century by the Peshwa of Mohammed Quli Qutub Shah. It is crafted in a U-shaped complex with only a single storied central building. One of the top places to visit in Hyderabad in 2 days, this heritage building was acquired by Asaf Jha II and in the 18th century it was renovated by the Nizam of Hyderabad. Currently this haveli is converted into a Nizam’s Museum where various artefacts are preserved.
Location: Pathar Gatti, Near Princess Durru Shehvar Hospital, Hyderabad, Telangana, 500002, IndiaTimings: 10:00 AM- 5:00 PM (Daily except Friday)Entry Fee: INR 15 – Child, INR 80 – AdultFamous For: It is famous for combining the European facades from 18th century and the traditional Indian courtyards.Built By: Mir MomenBuilt In: 16th centuryTip: Do not forget to carry your cameras along. TripAdvisor Reviews
19. Laad Bazaar: Vibrant Market

Image SourceSituated close to Charminar, Laad Bazaar is a place famous for bangles and many other traditional items which makes it a shopper’s paradise. Stretched across on four roads which starts from Charminar and spreads across at least one kilometre. This market showcases the living heritage of the city and it is believed that this market exists since the time of Qutub Shahis and era of Nizams and now it is one of the major places to shop bangles made of Lacquer or Laad from where the name has been derived. It is arguably one of the most beautiful places in Hyderabad. 
Location: Char Kaman, Ghansi Bazaar, Hyderabad, Telangana, 500002, IndiaTimings: 11:00 AM-11:00 PMFamous For: It is famous for an extensive variety of bangles. Built By: Mohammad Quli Qutub ShahBuilt In: 16th centuryTip: Stop for photo ops at theLaad Bazaar.TripAdvisor Reviews
15 Adventure Sports In Hyderabad To Spike Up Your Adrenaline
20. Durgam Cheruvu: Serene Lake

Image Source
One of the best places to see in Hyderabad, Durgam Cheruvu is a hidden lake located just close to the Hi-Tech city. The lake stands hidden between an amalgamation of granite rocks hence this is also called the secret lake. Spread across an area of 63 acres, the lake is surrounded by many rocks which are around 2500 million years old. According to the locals, the water of the lake was also used for drinking in the Golconda fort. One can indulge into various activities like pedal boating, camping as well as trekking around the lake.
Location: Road Number 46, Masthan Nagar, CBI Colony, Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad, Telangana, 500033, IndiaTimings: 10:00 AM-6:30 PMFamous For: It is famous for a weekend getaway among friends and families. Built By: Mohammad Quli Qutub ShahBuilt In: 1518-1687Tip: Make sure you are wearing comfortable clothes if you plan to go for a hike. TripAdvisor Reviews
21. Chilkur Balaji Temple: Radiating Divinity

Image Source
Located around 30 Kms from the main city of Hyderabad, the Chilkur Balaji Temple is an ancient temple situated at a small village named Chilkur. Resting at the banks of Osman Sagar Lake, this temple is commonly called the Visa Balaji Temple. This is quite a popular temple at the outskirts of the city where hundreds of devotees arrive every year with their wishes.
Location: Chanda Nagar Village, Hyderabad, Telangana, 501504, IndiaTimings: 5:00 AM – 8:00 PMFamous For: It is famous for clearing USA Visas for many. (Intriguing, right?!)Built By: Akkanna and MadannaBuilt In: NATip: Board the Bus No.288D in order to reach the temple when in Hyderabad.TripAdvisor Reviews
16 Airports In India That Make A Dreamy Halt For Every Traveler 
22. Taj Falaknuma Palace: Embellished with Opulence

Image Source
Often called the “mirror of the sky”, Taj Falaknuma Palace is a magnificent architecture which stands at a height of 2000-foot high hill. Located just 5 Kms away from Charminar, this majestic palace was built by Nawab Vikar-ul-Umra. Spread across an area of 32 acres, this palace is made of marble. With an accommodation of 22 halls and 220 rooms, this place also has an impressive library, magnificent chandeliers and staircase made of marble. In 2000, this historic palace was taken over by the Taj Group and converted into a 5-star luxury hotel. Falaknuma Palace Dinner will be one of the most luxurious experience of your life.
Location: Engine Bowli, Falaknuma, Hyderabad, Telangana, 500053, IndiaTimings: 24 hoursFamous For: It is famous for being a historically significant building that is now a five star hotel. Built By: William Mard MarretBuilt In: 3 March 1884Tip: If traveling by plane, book your airport transfers beforehand.TripAdvisor Reviews
23. Gandipet Lake: Experience Tranquillity

Image Source
Gandipet lake is the main reservoir of the twin cities, Hyderabad and Secunderabad. The lake is spread across a region of 46 Kms, this was built by the Hyderabadi Nizam Mir Osman Ali Khan to protect the land from the floods. Made in the year of 1920, standing at this reservoir one can enjoy a scenic sunset.
Location: Ranga Reddy district, Telangana, IndiaFamous For: It is famous was bird watching and witnessing beautiful landscapes. Built By: Mir Osman Ali KhanBuilt In: 1920Tip: It is a popular picnic spot. Make sure you spend enough time soaking in the beauty of this lake.TripAdvisor Reviews
10 Festivals In June 
24. Mount Opera: Loaded with Fun

Image Source
Mount Opera is an exciting and entertaining water park located in the main city of Hyderabad. Just 4 kms away from the Ramoji Film City, this place is a great escape for a family day out. Located at a hilltop, this water park offers exciting activities like boating, rain dance and discotheque which makes the night more thrilling.
Location: Batasingaram, Hyderabad-Vijayawada Highway, NH-9 Ranga Reddy District, Hyderabad, Telangana, 501528, IndiaTimings: 11:00AM – 6:00 PM (Opens Daily)Famous For: It is famous for being the only waterpark situated atop a hill!Built By: Shivam Amusements Pvt LtdBuilt In: 1991Tip: Wear comfortable clothes for dry rides. Avoid dresses and skirts. TripAdvisor Reviews
25. Paigah Tombs: Stunning Architecture

Image Source
The Paigah tombs reflects the beautiful blend of Asaf Jah and Rajputi style in its architecture. Located just 10 Kms away from the Charminar, these tombs are a perfect example of the Indo-Saracenic architecture. Built of marble and with mesmerizing interiors, the tombs also showcases the beautiful Jaali work at the windows.
Location: Qalandar Nagar Rd, Santosh Nagar, Kanchan Bagh, Hyderabad, Telangana, 500058, IndiaTimings: 10:00 AM – 5:00 PMFamous For: It is famous for its architecture and the interiors made of mosaic tiles. Built By: Nawab Taig Jung BahadurBuilt In: 1787Tip: Do not litter when strolling around the tomb. TripAdvisor Reviews
10 Honeymoon Places Near Hyderabad 
26. Taramati Baradari: Majestic Interiors

Taramati Baradari is located outside the Golconda Fort on the Gandipet Road. This is one of the most popular historic places in Hyderabad and comprises of a music hall with 12 entrances. The legendary artists Taramathi used to perform here. It is said that Taramati and Premamati were the most popular artists during the reign of Abdullah Qutub Shah. 
Location: Ramdev Guda, Ibrahim Bagh, Hyderabad, Telangana 500031Timings: 11:00 AM-6:00 PMFamous For: It is famous for exhibiting the Persian style architecture. Built By: Ibrahim Quli Qutub ShahBuilt In: 1880sTip: You can cover this spot when you visit the Golconda Fort. You do not have to plan another trip to the Bardari.  TripAdvisor Reviews
27. Tank Bund: A Refreshing Evening Escape

Tank Bund connects Hyderabad to Secunderpur and is a popular hangout spot, located in the city. The place showcases mesmerizing view of the majestic Hussain Sagar Lake with a monolith of Buddha in the centre. The entire area of Tank Bund comprises 33 bronze statues of popular figures including Nannaya, Tikkana, Erra Pragada, Shri Krishna Devaraya and many more!
Location:  ‎Hyderabad, Telangana, IndiaTimings: 08:00 AM–10:00 PMFamous For: It is famous for connecting the two parts of the city, Hyderabad and Secunderabad.Built By: Hazrat Hussain Shah WaliBuilt In: 1563Tip: Drive around the dam during the sunset to witness its beauty at best. TripAdvisor Reviews
Trekking Places In Hyderabad
28. Necklace Road: Prepossessing Views

Inspired by the Queen’s Necklace of Mumbai, this amazing Necklace Road stretches for over 3 km, connecting NTR Gardens, Lumbini Park, and Sanjeevaiah Park. The shape of this road is like a necklace and the surrounding Hussain Sagar Lake beautifies this road. Don’t forget to drive thru this stunning road while staying in Hyderabad for a perfect vacation!
Location: HyderabadTimings: 8:00 AM-10:30 PMFamous For: It is famous for connecting the popular attractions in the shape of a necklace. Built By: NABuilt In: NATip: There is a pitstop along the road where you can try Go Karting!TripAdvisor Reviews
29. Sanghi Temple: Seek Blessings

Sanghi Temple is a beautiful temple which is nearly 25 km away from Hyderabad and is dedicated to Lord Venkateshwara. Located on the Paramanand Giri, this temple exhibits the architectural style of the Chola-Chalukya. The temple complex also comprise temples of other Hindu deities including Parvathy, Ganesha, Rama, etc. The garden next to the temple is known for the vibrant collection of floras.  
Location: Omerkhan daira, Hyderabad, Telangana 501511Timings: 8:30 AM-10:30 AM & 4:00 PM-6:00 PMFamous For: It a popular spot for movie shoots.Built By: Sanghi GroupBuilt In: 1991 Tip: Make sure you are dressed modestly for the temple. TripAdvisor Reviews
12 Best Places To Visit In Summer In Hyderabad 
30. KBR National Park: For Nature Lovers

KBR National Park is one of the largest national parks in Telangana and exhibits a vibrant collection of flora and fauna. From lush green environment to the energetic chirping of the birds, this astounding National Park is truly a delight for nature-lovers. 
Location: Road Number 2, Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad, Telangana 500034KBR Park Timings: 5:00 AM-9:30 AM & 4:00 PM-7:00 PMFamous For: It is famous for its lush green diversity of flora and exotic fauna.Built By: Prince Azam JahBuilt In: 1967Tip: Do not play around with the wildlife in this National Park. TripAdvisor Reviews
31. Wonderla Amusement Park: An Exhilarating Experience

Image Source
One of the best places to visit in hyderabad is Wonderla Amusement Park where you can enjoy multiple fun rides. One can easily spend an entire day at Wonderla with your friends and family. The atmosphere is cheerful and happening. People are high on fun. If you do not have a fear of heights, then you should definitely come to this place on your trip to Hyderabad.
Location: Nehru Outer Ring Rd, Exit No. 13, Ravirala, Hyderabad, Telangana 501510Timings: 11:00 AM – 7:00 PMFamous For: It is famous for offering the best amusement park experience to kids and adults.Built By: Wonderla HolidaysBuilt In: 2016Tip: Get a fast track ticket to skip the long queues.TripAdvisor Reviews
Camping Near Hyderabad
32. Sudha’s Car Museum: Intriguing Handmade Cars

Image Source
Sudha’s Car Museum is not an unusual place to visit if you like cars and automobiles. It is one of the most amazing places to see in hyderabad where you will find a number of handmade cars on display. You will also find information like the year of manufacture and cost of every exhibit. The museum was started by Kanyaboyina Sudhakar who had an interest in cars since childhood. The museum was opened in 2010 and has been attracting car enthusiasts ever since.
Location:19-5-15, 1/D, Bahadurpura X Road, APHB Colony, Bahadurpura West, Hyderabad, Telangana 500064Timings: 9:30 AM – 6:00 PMFamous For: It is famous for its impeccable collection of vintage cars. Built By: K SudhakarBuilt In: 2010Tip: All the car enthusiasts should definitely pay a visit to this museum. TripAdvisor Reviews
33. Sri Jagannath Temple: Fascinating Infrastructure

Image Source
One of the most beautiful tourist spots in hyderabad is Sri Jagannath Temple. It is a modern temple located in Banjara Hills. The temple is built by the Odia community and has been dedicated to Lord Jagannath – the God of the Universe. You will be mesmerized by the shikhara style pattern of the temple. There are also Shrines dedicated to Lakshmi, Shiva, Ganesha, Hanuman, and Navagraha.
Location: Plot No- 1269, Road No 12, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad, Telangana 500034Timings: 6:00 AM–12:00PM, 5:00–9:00 PMFamous For: It is famous for its annual Rathyatra festival.Built By: Kalinga Cultural TrustBuilt In: 2009Tip: Make sure you visit around the annual Rathyatra festival.TripAdvisor Reviews
Nehru Zoological Park: A Guide To The Home Of Hyderabad’s Rich Flora And Fauna
34. Nizam’s Museum: Depicting Luxury

Image Source
If you are visiting Charminar, then you should make a stop by Nizam’s Museum that is located in the heart of Purani Haveli. Get an insight into the royal life of Nizam of Hyderabad and how lavishly he lived. You will find artifacts and articles from his life on display. From the fancy clothes to utensils, Nizam sure knew how to live a life of luxury and opulence. It is one of the most famous places in Hyderabad to visit on your trip.
Location: Purani Haveli, Pathar Gatti, Hyderabad, Telangana 500002Timings: 10:00 AM – 5:00 PMFamous For: It is famous for its collection of items that once served as gifts that the last Nizam of Hyderabad.Built By: Nawab Mir Mahoob Ali KhanBuilt In: 1936Tip: Capture some of the beautiful souvenirs in your camera.TripAdvisor Reviews
35. ISKCON Temple: Sparkling with Spirituality

Image Source
ISKCON Temple are known for being beautiful and spiritual all over the world. If ISKCON is your home for spirituality, then you will find one in Nampally region in Hyderabad. The beautiful idols of Sri Gaura-Nitai, Sri Jagannatha Baladeva-Subhadra and Sri Radha Madana-Mohana are so beautiful to look at. Don’t forget to attend the Aarti because it is one of the most beautiful experiences. It is one of the best places to visit in Hyderabad in evening.
Location: Nampally Station Road, Sri Sri Radha Madanmohan Mandi, Hare Krishna Land, Abids, Hyderabad, Telangana 500001Timings: 4:30 AM – 8:30 PMFamous For: It is famous for the temple’s devotion to Lord Krishna. Built By: Bhaktivedanta Swami Srila PrabhupadaBuilt In: NATip: This temple does not allow food inside, especially if it has onion and garlic. TripAdvisor Reviews
Shopping In Hyderabad: 30 Spots Where You Can Get Almost Everything You Need!
36. Madina Market: Every Shopaholic’s Dream

Madina Market is a textile market in Hyderabad and if you are looking to shop for clothes, then this is where you should head on your trip to the city. It is a great place to buy items at wholesale prices.
Location: Patel Market, Rikab Gunj, Ghansi Bazaar, Hyderabad, Telangana 500002Timings: 10:00 AM to 9:00 PMFamous For: It is famous for traditional Hyderabadi outfits. Built By: NABuilt In: 1938Tip: Carry a bag to keep the things you splurge on!TripAdvisor Reviews
37. Paigah Palace: Marvellous Architecture

Image Source
The Paigah family came next in hierarchy to the ruling family of Nizams. The Paigahs were also the first palace builders of Hyderabad. Paigah Palace was built by a Paigah nobeleman, Sir Vicar-ul-Umra. After he gave the beautiful Falaknuma Palace to the sixth Nizam of Hyderabad, this beautiful palace was built. Its architecture has led the place to land under top places to visit in Hyderabad. 
Location: Begumpet, Hyderabad, Telangana, IndiaTimings: 10:00 AM to 5:00PMFamous For: It is famous its old-world charm that it exudes from every nook.Built By: Viqar-ul-UmraBuilt In: 1900Tip: You can plan a great Royal wedding affair at this destination.TripAdvisor Reviews
6 Amazing Resorts In Telangana 
38. GVK One Mall: Fun Day-out

One of the best places to visit in Hyderabad for shopping is GVK One Mall. Spread over an area of 3.5 lakh square feet, this is a spectacular mall which is located in the posh area of Hyderabad, Banjara Hills. So, if you are planning to shop while in Hyderabad, to check out this stunning mall.
Location: Rd Number 1, Balapur Basthi, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad, Telangana 500034Timings: 11:00 AM to 9:30 PMFamous For: It is famous for the high end brands like Charles & Keith, Calvin Klein, and more. Built By: GVK GroupBuilt In: 1 May 2009Tip: You can have a great time if you go with your friends and family.TripAdvisor Reviews
39. Osman Sagar Lake: Eye-pleasing Views

Image Source
One of the best tourist places in Hyderabad is Osman Sagar lake. The lake not only offers picturesque views and soul-soothing experience but is also surrounded by famous entertainment sources like Treasure Island and Ocean park which make it a must-visit destination.
Location: Ranga Reddy district, Telangana, IndiaFamous For: It is famous for protecting the city from the floods. Built By: Mir Osman Ali KhanBuilt In: 1920Tip: Try going to the lake early in the morning to enjoy the surreal views. TripAdvisor Reviews
15 Mesmerizing Hill Stations Near Hyderabad 
40. Nagarjuna Sagar Dam: Jaw-dropping Views

Image Source
This is one of the world’s largest dams whose sight will leave you jaw dropped. The dam has as many as 26 dates and is 14m tall. It is surrounded by lush greenery which makes it one of the best tourist places in Hyderabad. The people visit the dam to marvel at its magnificence and magnanimous structure.
Location: Guntur district, Andhra Pradesh and Nalgonda district, TelanganaTimings: 7:00 AM to 7:30 PMFamous For: It is famous for playing a crucial role for irrigation in Andhra Pradesh. Built By: Raja Of MuktyalaBuilt In: 1955Tip: You can take a bus to Nagarjuna bus stand to reach this destination.  TripAdvisor Reviews
41. Inorbit Mall: For Shopping & Fun

Image Source
If you are done with sightseeing in Hyderabad, then head to this mall. Inorbit mall is one of the biggest malls in Hyderabad which is home to n number of brands, eateries and recreational activities. It is listed amongst places to visit in Hyderabad  so make sure you visit it during your trip.
Location: Vadodara; Malad, Mumbai; Vashi, Mumbai; Bangalore, Cyberabad, HyderabadTimings: 11:00 AM to 8:00PMFamous For: It is famous for being home to global brands, international café chains, and gaming zones.Built By: K Raheja Corporation and Evo enterprisesBuilt In: 2004Tip: This is a perfect spot for women to enjoy shopping from global brands. TripAdvisor Reviews
20 Famous Temples In Hyderabad 
42. Peddamma Temple: Stunning Architecture

Image Source
Peddamma temple is one of the most beautiful places to see in Hyderabad where you can make your wishes and seek prayers. The temple offers architectural beauty and peaceful atmosphere. If you are looking for peace and tranquility, then this is among the best places to visit in Hyderabad .
Location: Jagadish Nagar, Begumpet, Hyderabad, Telangana 500003Timings: Open 24 hoursFamous For: It is famous for its architectural beauty and stunning interiors. Built By: P.Janardhan ReddyBuilt In: 1993Tip: Try visiting the temple during the celebrations of Bonaalu. TripAdvisor Reviews
43. Sri Rama Chandra Swamy Temple: An Ancient Temple

Another religious place to visit in Hyderabad is Sri Rama Chandra Swamy Temple which is located in the serene village of Ammapali. The temple is believed to be 800 years old and has played a significant role in the history of the area. The monument of the temple is believed to be older than the Golconda Fort and exhibits Rajasthani styles architecture that comprises a step well and seven-layered gopuram. This is among the best Hyderabad tourist places. 
Location: Nagarguda – Shamshabad Rd, Near Rajeev Gandhi International Airport, Telangana 501218Timings: 6:00 AM – 1:00 PM and 4:00 PM – 7:00 PMFamous For: It is a popular spot for film shoots of Tollywood movies!Built By: Vengi kingsBuilt In: 13th centuryTip: Do not forget to carry your cameras. TripAdvisor Reviews
10 Wonderful Places To Visit Near Telangana
44. Charminar Bazaar: Explore the Old-world Charm

One of the finest Hyderabad tourist spots, we welcome you to one of the most affordable markets that sits every Sunday, where you can shop loads even with a restricted budget. The bazaar carries a distinctive character that clearly demarcates the Nizami influence of the city. Be it the items that are sold or the street food, you will feel the charm of an old-world, much like the markets of Chandni Chowk in Delhi. Get the fresh aroma of kebabs, Irani chai, the glittery glass bangles and everything that excites a budget shopaholic. The certain culture makes it one of the best places to visit in Hyderabad with friends.
Location: Laad Bazaar Road, Mitti Ka Sher, Charminar, Lad Bazar, Hyderabad, Telangana 500002Timings: 11.00 AM to 11:00 PMFamous For: Really affordable handicraftsBuilt By: NABuilt In: NATip: Do not forget to try the Irani chai with Osmania biscuits
45. Begum Bazaar: Relish the Vibrant Aura

Begum Bazaar is the biggest commercial market in Hyderabad located close to the old city. The market is mostly flocked by locals citing retail and wholesale items for home. Yes, it’s true that it might not top the list of top Hyderabad tourist spots, yet there is some old-world charm in it. The market also has one of the second largest fish markets in Hyderabad.
Location: Afzal Gunj, Hyderabad, Telangana 500012Timings: 10.00 AM to 11:00 PMFamous For: The fish market selling a variety of fish hatched from the nearby regionsBuilt By: Humda BegumBuilt In: 1812Tip: Keep loads of cash as online payment ain’t the trend hereTripAdvisor Reviews
6 Wonderful Things To Do In Telangana 
46. Ocean Park: For a Good Time

Welcome to the sprawling waterpark, quite popular as one of the top Hyderabad tourist spots for its recreational capability. Expect a full day of entertainment and fun while the cool water in summers gushes past you. The park is segmented into 2 sections: an entire area is dedicated towards water sports and while another area is solely reserved for amusement games. Hands down, this is one of the best Hyderabad sightseeing options if you are travelling with family and also one of the most sought after places to visit in summer in Hyderabad.
Location: H. No. 8-21, Survey No: 166, 167, 168 & 169, Shankarpalli Rd, near CBIT College, Gandipet, Hyderabad, Telangana 500075Timings: 11:00 AM to 7:30 PMFamous For: World-class amusement rides, fine-dining restaurants serving food at affordable pricesBuilt By: NABuilt In: NATip: Outside garments are not allowed. You have to wear swimming costumes provided by authoritiesTripAdvisor Reviews
47. Botanical Garden: Nature’s Splendour

Every major city in India has a botanical garden and Hyderabad cannot be far behind after all, there are many reasons to love Hyderabad – be it the tourist attractions, culture, the street food or affordable shopping destinations. The Hyderabad Botanical Gardens is one such open area you will definitely desire to visit citing the rejuvenation appeal. The land of the garden is protected by the Kothaguda Reserve Forest area. Spread across a massive 120 acres, this is the place to be in Hyderabad after a tiring day at office or if you like to relax within the greenery.
Location: Kothaguda Reserve Forest, Gachibowli Road, Near Hi-tec City, Kondapur, Hyderabad, Telangana 500032Timings: 5:30 AM to 7:00 PMFamous For: The varied species of flora on display and relaxing in the blissBuilt By: Telangana Forest DepartmentBuilt In: 2018Tip: Do not pluck any flowers as they are nature’s propertyTripAdvisor Reviews
10 Intriguing Museums In Telangana That Offers An Insight Into The Culture Of South!
48. Moazzam Jahi Market: Reflecting Hyderabad’s Culture

Another place in the city which clearly indicates the style and grandeur of the Nizam’s is the Moazzam Jahi Market. The market is mostly known for selling fruits in the beginning, now has almost everything you can expect from a market including vegetables, groceries, flowers, earthen pots, dry fruits and ittar. The market was once a place that might have helped make it to the top Hyderabad sightseeing destinations but since the 1980s, it has been dismantled and the several specialties have been shifted to other markets. Still, it stands tall and is one of ideal places to visit in Hyderabad with friends.
Location: JN Road, Chandra Vihar, Old Kattal Mandi, Abids, Hyderabad, Telangana 500001Timings: 8:00 AM to 10:00 PMFamous For: The culture that it has preserved throughout the yearsBuilt By: Mir Osman Ali KhanBuilt In: 1935Tip: Carry cash if you want to buy something
49. Nalgonda: An Ancient City

Image Credit: Sumukh Teja Vanamala for Wikimedia Commons
An ideal place for history buffs, Nalgonda is an ancient city located near Hyderabad. With pristine waterfall cascades and ancient forts, this city is one of the best places in Hyderabad for an enriching historic tour and memorable experience. It is to be noted that Nalgonda is as ancient as the Palaeolithic Age and is home to an array of popular tourist attractions. Undeniably, it is one of the best tourist places near Hyderabad.
Location: 90 kms from HyderabadFamous For: Nagarjuna Sagar DamBuilt By: NABuilt In: NA Tip: A perfect place to visit with family and friends. Enjoy backpacking, trekking and sightseeing at the city.
Our 4 Day Trip To Karnataka From Hyderabad Was A Much Needed Vacay
50. Mahabubnagar: Haven for History Buffs

Image Credit: Naidugari Jayanna for Wikimedia Commons
A popular historical destination near Hyderabad. Mahabubnagar is known as the land of Chola Dynasty. One of the most ancient places in South India, the city is a haven for history lovers. With a plethora of historic sites and tourist attractions such Jama Masjid, Medina Masjid, and Mecca Masjid, this city is a must-visit place near Hyderabad.
Location: 98 km away from Hyderabad.Famous For: Jama Masjid, Mecca Masjid, and Medina Masjid.Built By: NABuilt In: NATip: Visit this place from December-February.
51. Jewel Of Nizam – The Minar: Dine Around Opulence

Image Source
Dipped in royalty, this luxurious dining place is for the ones who wish to indulge in a lavish dining experience and treat their taste palettes. It’s a perfect haven for couples as well as families wanting to be pampered by rich cuisines along with a royal-like ambiance. The marvelous entries will definitely make one fall for this wonderful place.
Location: The Golkonda Resorts & Spa The Golkonda Resorts & Spa, Sagarmahal Complex, Hyderabad 500075Must-try Foods: Lamb briyani, apricot pudding, veg shorba, tomato shorbaTimings: 12.30 PM to 3:00 PM, 7:00 PM to 11:00 PMTip: Don’t forget to gorge on Hyderabadi and Mughlai cuisine here.Cost For Two: INR 2500 approximatelyTripAdvisor Reviews
17 Weekend Getaways From Hyderabad That Are Perfect To Escape The Life Back Home For A Bit
52. Paradise Biryani: Biryani Lovers’ Sweet Retreat

Image Source
All the Biryani lovers, this is the place to be! Offering the most delicious biryani in Hyderabad is this Paradise Biryani which speaks volumes of its traditional values. Apart from offering Hyderabadi, it services various other cuisines as well that definitely worth a try. The chefs here make sure to lend each dish an authentic taste. Frequently visited by both locals as well as tourists, this eatery should be visited by all the gastronomes!
Location: Paradise Circle, Hyderabad Must-try Foods: Mutton Biryani, mirchi salan, chicken hara bhara kebab, chicken dum biryaniTimings: 11:00 AM to 11:00 PMTip: Don’t forget to try various kinds of biryani here.Cost For Two: INR 800TripAdvisor Reviews
53. Kismet: A Party Animals’ Den

Image Source
One of the best tourist places in Hyderabad, Kismet is the ultimate stop for all party lovers. With the lively ambiance accompanied by some toothsome meals and drinks to die for, this place will let you enter into a different world altogether. Especially if you wish to enjoy the nightlife of Hyderabad, this place very well deserves your visit! Be it the music, staff, lights, atmosphere, foods, or drinks, everything here is upto the mark and that is why it is one of the most-visited places in Hyderabad.
Location: The Park Hotel, 22, 1st Floor, Raj Bhavan Road, Somajiguda, HyderabadMust-try Foods: Cocktails, snacks, pepper prawns, drinks, startersTimings: 8:oo PM till midnightTip: If you want to witness the vivid nightlife of Hyderabad, visit here!Cost For Two: INR 3000 approximatelyTripAdvisor Reviews
14 Waterfalls Near Hyderabad 
54. Coco’s Bar And Grill: For Soothing All Senses

Image Source
Boasting a cozy and quaint ambiance, this place is ideal for casual dining with friends and family. From Italian to North Indian and from Continental to Chinese, you will find all the common cuisines here lived by the visitors. With a separate bar space as well as smoke space, it makes a great spot for individuals to hang out and chill. Moreover, the live music over the rooftop area enhances its overall charm.
Location: Plot 217, Opposite KBR Park, Beside TDP Office, Road 2, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad.Must-try Foods: Thai Roast Chicken, Chilli Cheese Toast, Ravioli, Chicken Lasagna, LasagneTimings: 12:00 pm till midnightTip: If you wish to take your partner here, visit in the evening during live performances. Cost For Two: INR 1700TripAdvisor Reviews
55. Amnesia Lounge Bar And Club: For Ultimate Culinary Experience

Image Source
Yet another place for live entertainment and oodles of relaxation, Amnesia Lounge Bar and Club is one of the most visited places in Hyderabad. You can treat your tastebuds with varied cuisines including Chinese, American, Continental, Italian, and North Indian. While bragging about amazing night music, zealous DJ, and refreshing cocktails and mocktails, this place leaves no stone unturned to give its visitors an ultimate refreshing time.
Location: Plot 1102, 5th Floor, Jaya Chambers, Road 36, Jubilee Hills, HyderabadMust-try Foods: Tandoori veg Platter, whiskey cocktail, corn kernels, chicken popcorn, chilli mushroomTimings: 12:00 pm till midnightTip: Don’t forget to enjoy the night entertainment here. Cost For Two: INR 1300TripAdvisor Reviews
5 Guest Houses In Hyderabad: An Unbeatable Option For Affordable Stay In The City Of Nizams
Are you packing your bags already? If yes, then make sure you don’t forget to include these amazing places to visit in Hyderabad. We hope that these places are helpful in planning your trip to Hyderabad and get soaked in the goodness of this beautiful city. While we do wish you a good luck for your trip, we would be glad if you could share your lovely experience with us!
For our editorial codes of conduct and copyright disclaimer, please click here. 
Frequently Asked Questions About Hyderabad

How can I spend 1 day in Hyderabad?

						Hyderabad is famous for a number of historical sites and if you are here for one day, then you can spend it by visiting many monuments, situated in different parts of Hyderabad. Some of the most popular monuments are Charminar, Taramati Baradari will enlighten you more about the rich history of this place.                    

Which is the coolest place in Hyderabad?

						BHEL is a residential area in Hyderabad which is growing rapidly and has been claimed as the coldest place in the city. This is primarily because of the fact that the temperature here remains lower compared to the other regions of the city.                    

Is it safe to visit Hyderabad during Covid times?

						You need to follow all the mandatory safety guidelines mentioned by the authorities to ensure a safe travel experience. Remain masked while stepping out of the hotel and maintain social distance. Avoid visiting crowded places and keep sanitizing your hands after touching surfaces.                    

Which area is best in Hyderabad?

						Hyderabad is quite lively and the whole city is a treat for visitors. However, Uppal, located in the easter region of the city, is considered to be the best area in Hyderabad. It is headquartered of Uppal Mandal, the revenue division of this place and is a part of the Greater Hyderabad Municipal corporation.                    

Is it safe to go to Hyderabad during COVID times?

						You need to follow all the necessary precautions to ensure a safe journey. Get yourself tested before leaving for the holiday and meticulously follow all the mandatory travel guidelines. Wear a mask while stepping out and maintain social distance. Keep sanitizing your hands after touching surfaces. Avoid visiting crowded areas.                    

How can I spend 2 days in Hyderabad?

						There’s a lot in store for you when it comes to exploring the city of Hyderabad. When you are here for only 2 days, you can spend your time visiting some of the famous temples, museums, or monuments. For a 2-day itinerary, you can consider adding places like Nizam’s Museum, Chowmahalla Palace, Charminar, Taj Falaknuma Palace for the first day. For the second day, you can visit Chilkur Balaji Temple, Golconda Fort, Taramati Baradari, and Qutb Shahi Tombs.                    

Which is the hottest month in Hyderabad?

						The hottest month in the city of Hyderabad is considered to be May. The temperature during this month comes to 92 degrees Fahrenheit on average. However, if you are in the city during May, make sure that you are keeping yourself hydrated while being outside.                    

What is famous in Hyderabad for shopping?

						Hyderabad is known as the city of pearls and colourful lac bangles which are available at the Laad Bazaar. Apart from that, the Ikat pattern cloth is also available for shopping. You can also check out sarees and local fabrics while exploring the markets.                    

What should I not miss in Hyderabad?

						If you are visiting Hyderabad then don’t forget to visit the following most popular attractions in Hyderabad, namely, Moazzam Jahi Market, Tank Bund, Moula Ali Dargah, Char Minar, and a lot more! Don’t forget to enjoy local food while being in Hyderabad as the city is known for its exquisite flavours.                    

What is the famous food of Hyderabad?

						Hyderabadi Biryani is the most popular dish here in Hyderabad. There are numerous restaurants and stores offering one of the best-tasting biryani in the town. Hyderabadi Haleem, Hyderabadi Marag, Mutton Samosas, Mutton Dalcha, Dum Pukht, etc. are the popular food items of Hyderabad.                    

Is Hyderabad safe for tourists?

						Yes, it is one of the safest cities to live in India. The city is known for its lively vibe, iconic attractions, delicious food, and lot. However, it is advisable to avoid late hour hangouts if you are alone in the city.                    

What is the best time to visit Hyderabad?

						October to February is the best time to visit Hyderabad. The temperature remains pleasant during this time making it suitable for sightseeing and other activities. However, the city offers unique colours in all seasons and can be explored throughout the year.                    

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read:
Places To Visit In Haridwar Places To Visit In Sikkim Places To Visit In Rajasthan

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Hyderabad, Places To Visit

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Visit The Phimeanakas Temple In Cambodia For A Blissful Trip In 2024     Discover Beau Vallon In Seychelles For The Perfect Vacation     Visiting Museum Of Kerala History On Your 2024 Trip With Family And Friends     Poombarai Village View Point Like A Tranquil Escape In The Hills     The Entwined Serpents of Neak Poan In Angkor To Explore In 2024     Unveil The Secrets Of Eastern Mebon In 2024 Tour Which Is A Hidden Wonder of Cambodia        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > India > Hyderabad» > 55 Fascinating Places To Visit In Hyderabad In 2024 To Witness The Rich History And Glory

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: Attraction: Charminar: Awe-inspiring Architecture

          Attraction: Golkonda Fort: An Archeological Gem

          Attraction: Mecca Masjid: A Heritage Site

          Attraction: Qutb Shahi Tombs: Marvel at the Persian Architecture

          Attraction: Hussain Sagar Lake: Mesmerizing Views

          Attraction: Ramoji Film City: Paradise for Movie Buffs

          Attraction: Nehru Zoological Park: Befriend Various Species

          Attraction: Snow World: Have Some Snowy Fun

          Attraction: Lumbini Park: Refresh Your Senses

          Attraction: Birla Mandir: Seek Solace

          Attraction: Salar Jung Museum: National Treasure

          Attraction: Nehru Centenary Tribal Museum: Cultural Mirror

          Attraction: Chowmahalla Palace: Adorned with Grandeur

          Attraction: NTR Gardens: A Lush Escapade

          Attraction: Shilparamam: Idyllic Man-Made Village

          Attraction: Jalavihar: A Splash of Fun

          Attraction: Birla Planetarium: Fusion of Entertainment & Science

          Attraction: Purani Haveli: Exuding Royalty

          Attraction: Laad Bazaar: Vibrant Market

          Attraction: Durgam Cheruvu: Serene Lake

          Attraction: Chilkur Balaji Temple: Radiating Divinity

          Attraction: Taj Falaknuma Palace: Embellished with Opulence

          Attraction: Gandipet Lake: Experience Tranquillity

          Attraction: Mount Opera: Loaded with Fun

          Attraction: Paigah Tombs: Stunning Architecture

          Attraction: Taramati Baradari: Majestic Interiors

          Attraction: Tank Bund: A Refreshing Evening Escape

          Attraction: Necklace Road: Prepossessing Views

          Attraction: Sanghi Temple: Seek Blessings

          Attraction: KBR National Park: For Nature Lovers

          Attraction: Wonderla Amusement Park: An Exhilarating Experience

          Attraction: Sudha’s Car Museum: Intriguing Handmade Cars

          Attraction: Sri Jagannath Temple: Fascinating Infrastructure

          Attraction: Nizam’s Museum: Depicting Luxury

          Attraction: ISKCON Temple: Sparkling with Spirituality

          Attraction: Madina Market: Every Shopaholic’s Dream

          Attraction: Paigah Palace: Marvellous Architecture

          Attraction: GVK One Mall: Fun Day-out

          Attraction: Osman Sagar Lake: Eye-pleasing Views

          Attraction: Nagarjuna Sagar Dam: Jaw-dropping Views

          Attraction: Inorbit Mall: For Shopping & Fun

          Attraction: Peddamma Temple: Stunning Architecture

          Attraction: Sri Rama Chandra Swamy Temple: An Ancient Temple

          Attraction: Charminar Bazaar: Explore the Old-world Charm

          Attraction: Begum Bazaar: Relish the Vibrant Aura

          Attraction: Ocean Park: For a Good Time

          Attraction: Botanical Garden: Nature’s Splendour

          Attraction: Moazzam Jahi Market: Reflecting Hyderabad’s Culture

          Attraction: Nalgonda: An Ancient City

          Attraction: Mahabubnagar: Haven for History Buffs

          Attraction: Jewel Of Nizam – The Minar: Dine Around Opulence

          Attraction: Paradise Biryani: Biryani Lovers’ Sweet Retreat

          Attraction: Kismet: A Party Animals’ Den

          Attraction: Coco’s Bar And Grill: For Soothing All Senses

          Attraction: Amnesia Lounge Bar And Club: For Ultimate Culinary Experience