Tourist Attraction Name: Top 15 Places in Italy You Must Visit

Description: 

Address: No information available

Timings: No information available

Rating: No information available

Review Count: No information available

Main Content:
India
 
International
 
Travel Itinerary
 

Travel
International
Holiday Destinations
Travel Tips/Others
Explore 
Roman History in Italy: The Best Places to Visit
EaseMyTrip
July 21, 
2022
Home  Holiday Destinations  Travel Tips/Others Explore Roman 
History in Italy: The Best Places to Visit

The history of Italy, then 
Rome, dated back to nearly 753 BCE, and it has witnessed prolific 
growth in terms of art and culture. From the emergence of the Roman 
Catholic Church to giving birth to the Renaissance to nurturing 
humanism, the country’s influence on the world’s course of history is 
unfathomable. No doubt Italians are so proud of their cultural 
heritage. They have a natural inclination towards classic art, dynamic 
music and good food. The country is home to some of the greatest icons 
from the past, and it treasures almost 50% of the world’s most iconic 
arts.

When to Visit Italy?

Image Source: 

The spring (March-May) 
and the autumn (September-November) is perhaps the best time to visit 
Italy, especially if you want less crowd and more tranquility. At the 
same time, the weather also remains comfortable during this time. 
During the summer (July-August), the tourists’ group reaches its peak, 
making it difficult to enjoy the sightseeing peacefully. Moreover, you 
do not need to break the bank to have an Italy trip. Italy is less 
expensive when compared to the other nations of the EU, like the UK. 
However, the prices go higher than usual during the peak season of the 
summer.

Italy is famous for its bright and colorful festivals. If you 
are traveling to Italy during the festival season, you cannot afford 
not to participate in them. Some of the very popular festivals are 
Carnevale, Palio de Siena, Procession of Mysteries, Battle of Oranges, 
Riggata, and Infiorata Festival.   

In this article, We will tell you 
about the best places to visit in Italy for the first time. Let’s find 
out what are those best Italy tourist places:    

1. Colosseum

Image 
Source: 

Colosseum is a vast arena built by the Roman Empire, and it 
is also their most enormous surviving edifice. It was made to fulfill 
the demand for public entertainment through sports and spectacles. The 
whole oval-shaped structure of the Colosseum was 186 meters long and 
156 meters wide.

The Colosseum is one of the best places to visit in 
Italy with family. You can see it on your own, but going for a guided 
tour would be more convenient, keeping the tourist rush in mind. Also, 
do not forget to visit the Hypogeum and the Upper Tiers and most of 
the tourists tend to neglect them. Walking through the underground 
tunnels and seeing the lion cages will give you goosebumps. Also, try 
to cover the nearby attractions like the Arch of Constantine, Roman 
Forum and Palatine Hill.

You can try Colosseo Metro Cafe situated 
just opposite the Colosseum’s entrance if you want some snacks. Other 
good options are Royal Art Cafe, Osteria Angelino (Roman cuisine), and 
Via Capo d’Africa.

2. The Grand Canal, Venice

Image Source: 

Who 
has not dreamt of a gondola ride in Venice? No one, perhaps. Venice, a 
city of islands, uses the waterways as their streets. The Grand Canal 
is the largest among those numerous passageways. It has the most 
beautiful of the palaces situated by its sides. These palaces belong 
to some of the wealthiest families and date back from the 13th to the 
18th century.

If you want to enjoy a gondola ride avoiding the crowd, 
you should visit the Grand Canal before 9 in the morning. A typical 40 
minutes of gondola right in the morning costs around 80 Euros. An 
additional charge of 20 Euros will have to be paid for an extra 20 
minutes. The prices are generally high in the evening.

3. 
Pompeii

Image Source: 

Pompeii is a beautiful city situated near 
Naples in Campania. Nearby to this ancient city is the infamous Mount 
Vesuvius, whose eruption destroyed the whole town in 79 AD. This a 
city of archaeological sites and historical remains. It will let you 
have a glimpse at the excellence of Ancient Roman engineering and 
architecture. At Pompeii, you should see the Temple of Jupiter, the 
Basilica, the stone columns and the Triptolemus. The city also has a 
grand amphitheater named Teatro Grande and the most oversized 
community baths, Stabian baths.

Herculaneum is another excavated city 
near Pompeii. Unfortunately, it was also destroyed by the same 
eruption. If you are staying for longer, you should try climbing up to 
the rim of Mount Vesuvius.

4. Cinque Terre

Image Source: 

If you 
want to experience a memorable sunset on the Mediterranean Sea, you 
should visit the coastal region of Cinque Terre. It is also called 
“The Five Lands” because of the five fishing villages of this region. 
They are Monterosso al Marre, Vernazza, Corniglia, Manarola and 
Riomaggiore. These villages are connected via beautiful narrow roads 
and a railroad. It is one of the best places to visit Italy with 
friends due to its beauty and remoteness.

You can explore Cinque 
Terre by hiking between the villages. However, to access the hiking 
trails, you will need a pass. You can access the walking paths by 
buying the Cinque Terre Trekking Card. You can also enjoy unlimited 
Cinque Terre train Travel and access to the hiking paths by using the 
Cinque Terre Train Card.

5. Amalfi Coast

Image Source: 

Amalfi 
Coast stretches along the coastline of the Sorrentine Peninsula and 
has gained the UNESCO World Heritage Site title. The two most famous 
towns are Positano and Amalfi. Apart from the towns, it would be best 
to explore the villages to enjoy the scenic beauty of this 
place.

Grotta delo Smeraldo or Emerald Cave is situated close to the 
village of Conca dei Marini. You can also hop between the villages 
using boat rides. However, walking through the coastline is the best 
thing you can do here. The walking trail of Santiago Degli Dei, 
Footpath of the Gods, will take you through the magical world of lush 
green, lemon groves, and wildflowers.

6. Leaning Tower of Pisa

Image 
Source: 

The city of Pisa has several tourist attractions, but 
nothing can beat the Leaning Tower of Pisa. It was started to be built 
in the 1100s, and the leaning began when the construction reached its 
third story.

Apart from the Leaning Tower, you must visit the 
National Museum of Pisa to see some excellent artworks, paintings and 
sculptures. A walk along the Amo River can freshen up your mind like 
nothing else. Borgo Street should be your next destination if you 
crave some pizzas and other Italian delicacies after the walk. 

7. 
Lake Como

Image Source: 

Lake Como is the largest lake in Italy. The 
Alps surround this picturesque region. It has been home to several 
wealthy people since Roman times because of its beautiful climate. The 
pristine villas still remind of them.

With stunning views, the 
lakeside is one of the most photographed areas in the world. It has 
also been the wedding spot of several celebrities like Linda Phan and 
Ryan Biegel.

8. Lake Resia

Image Source: 

Lake Resia or Reschensee 
is located far north in South Tyrol of the Alpine region. It is one of 
the unique places to visit in Italy. Reaching the lake, you will feel 
like you are already in a Stephen King novel. The lake has the view of 
a church steeple emerging from the icy waters. It is the last 
remaining village of Curon, which was drowned in 1950. The sight of 
the lake has inspired a novel as well as a Netflix series.

 The 
hikers generally visit this place during the summers. However, during 
the winters, you also can walk through the frozen surface of the 
lake.

9. Scanno, Abruzzo

Image Source: 

Scanno is a small village 
commune situated in the Abruzzo region. You can reach this tiny but 
beautiful village by bus directly from Rome and 
Sulmona. 

Forest-covered hills surround this small traditional 
Italian village. You can visit the famous Molise National Park, book a 
boat ride at Lake Scanno or explore the rustic town on foot.

If you 
prefer walking through the roads, there is also an information centre 
which can provide the local map. The traditional chocolate and almond 
biscuit of Scanno are something you should try before leaving this 
place.

10. Pantheon

Image Source: 

Pantheon is the first pagan 
temple transformed into a church, and it is one of the most famous 
icons of Rome. It is a marvel of architecture which the famous 
Michelangelo also recognizes. This monument is also used for mass 
gatherings and weddings.

It is within only 9 km distance from the 
Rome airport and can be accessed very easily. The Pantheon is open for 
visitors from 8.30 am to 7.15 pm from Monday-Friday. On Sundays, the 
timing for opening is from 9 am to 5.45 pm. Therefore, if you want to 
avoid long queues, you should visit Pantheon on weekdays. Also, avoid 
planning to see it in the evening. Otherwise, you will miss its glory 
in the sunlight and the famous reverse sundial effect.  

11. 
Tuscany

Image Source: 

Nothing could be more appealing to someone 
who admires greenery than the stunning green landscapes of Tuscany. 
The countryside appeal and its artistic heritage make it unique among 
the other destinations in Italy.

You can spend your days in Tuscany 
by visiting the historic churches, chapels, monuments and other 
archaeological masterpieces. In addition, you can enjoy peaceful walks 
along the scenic walkways or can cycle down the hills. Tuscany is 
famous for its wine, and if you visit Tuscany in the spring, you can 
also grow vineyards. During the spring, Tuscany offers several outdoor 
activities like thermal baths or hot springs. In addition, several 
food and wine festivals are often organized during this time in 
Tuscany.

12. Dolceacqua

Image Source: 

Dolceacqua is a small 
commune and a part of the Italian Riviera divided into Terra and 
Borgo. This small village is famous for its architecture and scenic 
beauty. The Ponte Vecchio is an old yet elegant bridge that connects 
the two parts of the town. The Dolceacqua Castle is situated in the 
Terra district and has a history of over centuries. You can also visit 
the Visionarium, which has a project room that projects high-quality 
naturalistic documentaries. Dolceacqua’s red wine and the Michetti (a 
traditional sweet) have been parts of this village’s culinary culture 
for ages.

13. Naples

Image Source: 

Naples is one of the most 
frequented places by tourists. This city is very close to the Bay of 
Naples, and its history dates back to the 2nd century. The city houses 
several places with historical significance like Castle dell Ovo, the 
Capodimonte Museum, Lungomare Amphitheatre, the National 
Archaeological Museum, and Museo Cappella Sansevero. This beautiful 
city is also well known for its classic foods like Neapolitan Pizza. 
From Naples, Pompeii is very easily accessible.    

14. Sicily

Image 
Source: 

Sicily is the largest island of the Mediterranean Sea and 
also a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The villages, castles, beaches, and 
ancient structures make this island worth a visit for tourists 
worldwide. Agrigento the Valley of Temples has three Greek Temples. 
Roman del Casale is a beautiful roman villa in Etna. The town of 
Comiso is breathtaking with its awe-inspiring architecture and cobbled 
streets. Regular and Media is the nest of world-class Baroque art. San 
Vito Lo Capo is one of the best beach destinations in Italy.

15. 
Earth Pyramids

Image Source: 

On Renon Mountain, you will find one 
of nature’s finest wonders: Earth Pyramids. These earth pyramids are 
the tallest and finest in the whole of Europe. They are almost 25,000 
years old and formed from soft moraine clay from the last Ice 
Age.

This region of Ritten is very close to Bolzano. You ride the 
train on Ritten’s narrow-gaze railway, which takes you directly to the 
top of the plateau of Ritten from the heart of Bolzano. Ritten’s cable 
car is also another site of attraction for both locals and 
tourists.

Conclusion

Image Source: 

The tourism industry in Italy 
contributes significantly to the country’s economy. Therefore, Italy’s 
tourism policy is very international tourist-friendly, and getting an 
Italy tourist visa for Indian is not very troublesome. Moreover, Italy 
is a very safe country to visit, and Indians can affordably visit 
Italy through several Italy tour packages.

EaseMyTrip offers 
affordable, hassle-free flight tickets and as well as flight booking. 
We also curate some of the most convenient tour packages. Visit our 
website to know more about our 
services.

Share
Flight
Hotel
Holidays
Cab
ONE WAY
ROUND 
TRIP
FROM
TO

DEPARTURE DATE

TRAVELLERS & CLASS
1 Traveler
Search 
Flights
RECENT POSTS
Bus
Hidden Gems of India That Are Accessible by 
Bus
June 12, 2024
Train
Most Haunted Railway Stations in India
June 
11, 2024
Flight
How to Grab Great Deals for Booking Last-Minute 
Flights
June 10, 2024
Holiday Destinations
All About T-20 World Cup 
2024: A Cricketing Carnival in the USA and West Indies
June 10, 
2024
Holiday Destinations
Exploring the Hidden Gems of All the Oceans 
in the World
June 8, 2024
Flight
How to Book a Flight for Multi 
Destination Trip
June 7, 2024
Holiday Destinations
Explore The Top 
Water Activities In Fiji For Memorable Adventure
June 6, 
2024
Train
Top Reasons Why People Love Train Travel
June 6, 
2024
Travel Tips/Others
Epic Road Adventures with Dad Across 
India
June 7, 2024
Travel Tips/Others
How to Celebrate World 
Environment Day 2024
June 4, 2024
RELATED ARTICLES
Your Road Trip Made 
Better with These Important Tips
 June 13, 2022
Fun Things To Do In 
Dubai For A Memorable Vacation
 October 13, 2022
Discover The 
Prettiest Villages Of France
 June 9, 2022
Know All About UAE and Its 
Seven Emirates
 June 8, 2022
Here Are Some Interesting And Fun Facts 
About Spain You Should Know
 June 8, 2022
Explore Hidden Gems With 
Czech Republic Travel Guide
 March 9, 2024
Enjoy the Monsoon Season 
With These Wonderful Waterfalls In Mumbai
 August 22, 2022
Seas the 
Day with These Exotic Beach Locations of The World
 July 1, 2022
Facts 
about Shimla no one told you before
 June 23, 2022
Be Prepared To Be 
Amazed By These Top UNESCO Attractions in Greece
 June 14, 2022
Your 
Road Trip Made Better with These Important Tips
 June 13, 2022
Fun 
Things To Do In Dubai For A Memorable Vacation
 October 13, 
2022
Discover The Prettiest Villages Of France
 June 9, 2022
Know All 
About UAE and Its Seven Emirates
 June 8, 2022
Here Are Some 
Interesting And Fun Facts About Spain You Should Know
 June 8, 
2022
Explore Hidden Gems With Czech Republic Travel Guide
 March 9, 
2024
Enjoy the Monsoon Season With These Wonderful Waterfalls In 
Mumbai
 August 22, 2022
Seas the Day with These Exotic Beach Locations 
of The World
 July 1, 2022
Facts about Shimla no one told you before
 
June 23, 2022
Be Prepared To Be Amazed By These Top UNESCO Attractions 
in Greece
 June 14, 2022
‹
›

Attractions:


Popular Cities:


Tours:

