Tourist Attraction Name: 57 Best Places To Visit In Kerala On Your Fun Vacation

Description: 

Address: No information available

Timings: No information available

Rating: No information available

Review Count: No information available

Main Content:
Blog

Honeymoon
 
Destinations
 
Season
 
Hotels
 
Travelogues
 

Topical
57 Best Places To Visit In Kerala For A Vacation To 
Remember
..
SHARES

Written by

Aashna Jawal

God’s Own Country, 
Kerala has some extremely beautiful tourist destinations to hold the 
attention of global tourists. There are hill-stations, backwaters, 
commercial cities, hamlets, and much more to explore. Rich culture and 
heritage coupled with some of the best places to visit in Kerala 
attract crowds from all over the world.

Once you set foot in the 
beautiful paradise, all other things seem inconsequential. Most of the 
metro cities pale in comparison of Kerala in terms of beauty. Apt for 
family vacations, romantic getaways, and honeymoon, here are some of 
the top tourist places in Kerala, that must be a part of your travel 
plan.

57 Best Places To Visit In Kerala In 2023

The appeal of 
tourist places in Kerala gets better once understand what the place is 
about. While you may be wondering about where to head in the charming 
land, getting to know about a few best ones is surely helpful before 
visiting. So, scroll down to learn about the best places to visit in 
Kerala and what all awaits you at this charming state. The clash of 
hill stations, temple towns, backwaters and lakes will simply amaze 
you:

1. Alleppey – The Backwater Hot Spot

Image Source

Alleppey 
tops this list of best places to visit in Kerala with pictures. Its 
backwater trips, houseboat stays, and serene beauty attract a fair 
number of people to its territory. In fact, it is the most popular 
place to experience some offbeat Kerala backwaters. Lord Curzon’s 
depiction of Alleppey as the Venice of the East is not hyperbole. 
Alleppey houseboat vacation is what people look for on their visit to 
Alleppey. There are expanses of paddy fields, quaint chapels, 
interesting fishing villages, and lakes filled with water lilies which 
make Alleppey one of the best tourist places in Kerala for 3 days trip 
itinerary. It is one of the safest places to visit in Kerala during 
Covid.

The fascination of Keralites with coconut and banana leaves in 
their food will prove to be a good experiment for you if you have 
never had it before. The cobbled pathways and cleaner roads 
comparatively will take you on an old-world tour.

Places To Stay: 
Ramada By Wyndham Alleppey, Tharavadu Heritage, Bamboo Lagoon, Treebo 
Tryst Palmyra Grand Suite
Things To Do: Shopping: Buy Souvenirs For 
Your Loved One, Nightwalk: Gear Up For A Crazy Campfire, Temples: 
Indulge In Spiritualism, Beaches: Watch The Sun Go Down
Ideal 
Duration: 1 Night/2 Days
Popular Tourist Attractions: Alappuzha Beach, 
Krishnapuram Palace, Kumarakom Bird Sanctuary, Marari Beach, Revi 
Karunakaran Museum, Marari Beach, Punnamada Lake, Pathiramanal, and 
Sri Krishna Temple in Ambalappuzha. The Snake Boat Race in Alleppey is 
another crowd-puller.
Best Time To Visit: September to mid-May
Nearest 
Airport: Kochi Airport, which is 53 km away from the city.
Nearest 
Railway Station: Alleppey Railway Station; it is well within the city 
limits.

Must Read: 35 Best Places To Visit In Thrissur 

Kerala 
Holiday Packages On TravelTriangle




Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 
2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750

Plan your trip today!

Book 
Now







Marvelous Kerala Tour Package of Alleppey 3D/2N @ Rs 
7,500

Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book 
Now







Alleppey-Kovalam Family Package 4D/3N @ Rs 9,000

Compare & 
customize quotes before booking.

Book Now







Wonderful Kerala 
Family Tour 5D/4N Package @ Rs 12,800

Have Questions? Talk to our 
travel experts today.

Book Now







Delightful Kerala Family Tour 
8D/7N Package @ Rs 21,700

Best prices guaranteed. EMI option 
available.

Book Now







See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit 
Website




<
>

2. Munnar – Perfect For A Romantic Honeymoon

Image 
Source

A very popular one among hill stations in Kerala, Munnar is 
one of the best tourist places in Kerala for 2 days trip itinerary. 
Once the summer capital for the British, Munnar sightseeing attracts 
tourists from all across the world. With about 80,000 miles of tea 
plantation, an equal measure of aromatic vegetation, misty valleys, 
and low-flying clouds, Munnar is a hill station that has become one of 
the best tourist places in Kerala for a honeymoon.

Cute bungalows, 
cozy homestays and lavish hotels and resorts in Munnar, make it the 
most romantic destination even among the top places to visit in 
Kerala. The old world colonial feel has its own charms and it 
certainly makes for a good selfie drive. Revel in the extraordinary 
blend of luxury and beauty, at the most amazing honeymoon resorts in 
Munnar.

Places To Stay: Chandy’s Windy Woods, Pallivasal, The 
Panoramic Getaway, Forest Glade, Devonshire Greens
Things To Do: 
Plantation Resort, Kolukkumalai – Tea Estate Tours, Echo Point – 
Camping And Trekking, Eravikulam National Park – Spot Rare 
Species
Ideal Duration: 2 Nights/3 Days
Popular Tourist Attractions: 
TATA Tea Museum, Meesapulimala, Blossom Park, Pothamedu ViewPoint, 
Life of Pi Church, Attukal Waterfalls, Cheeyappara Waterfalls, Top 
Station, Marayoor Dolmens, Indo Swiss Dairy Farm, Kundala Lake, 
Lockhart Gap, Mattupetty Dam, Anamudi, and Eravikulam National 
Park
Best Time To Visit: October to March
Nearest Airport: Kochi 
Airport, at a mere distance of 143 km from the hill station.
Nearest 
Railway Station: Aluva Railway Station, which is 110 km away from 
Munnar.

3. Kumarakom – One Of The Most Tranquil Places

Image 
Source

Situated near Vembanad Lake, Kumarakom is a quiet little 
hamlet with alluring sceneries, ever pleasant weather and exotic flora 
and fauna; making it one of the loveliest and the best tourist places 
in Kerala for family. You get a mix of everything here – backwaters, 
authentic Kerala cuisine, uber fresh air, the warmth of Keralites, and 
deliciously fresh coconuts. There is a lot to do; choose from boating, 
cruising, Kumarakom houseboat stay, and fishing.

Kumarakom holds a 
special spot in the list of best of Kerala’s sightseeing places. The 
tempting waterways, decorated lakes, aromatic coconut grooves, fresh 
paddy fields, thick mangrove forests, delightful authentic food, and 
unpolluted freshness of the air add to the list. Also, Kumarakom’s 
houseboat stay offers a lot more solitude and privacy as compared to 
Alleppey. Even the resorts in Kumarakom are exceptionally serene and 
mesmerizing.

Places To Stay: Hotel Green Fields, Hotel The Club, 
Royal Riviera Hotel And Resort, Lakshmi Hotel And Resort, Hotel 
Dubai
Things To Do: Houseboat Ride, Kumarakom Bird Sanctuary: Watch 
The Birds, Maya Spa: Invigorate With Aromas Of Ayurveda, Kathakali 
Performance
Ideal Duration: 1 Night/2 Days
Popular Tourist 
Attractions: Kumarakom Bird Sanctuary, Kumarakom Backwaters, 
Aruvikkuzhi waterfall, Juma Masjid, Thirunakkara Mahadeva Temple, 
Vembanad Lake, Bay Island Driftwood Museum, Valiyapally, Cheriyapally, 
Kumarakom Beach, and Pathiramal Island.
Best Time To Visit: September 
to May
Nearest Airport: Kochi Airport is 85 km away from 
Kumarakom.
Nearest Railway Station: Kottayam Railway Station is 16 km 
away.

Suggested Read: Kerala Honeymoon Guide For Couples 

4. Wayanad 
– The Land Of Heavenly Trails

Image Source

Wayanad means the land of 
paddy fields in Malayalam. Wayanad is one of the greenest tourist 
places in Kerala. Enriched with godly beauty, serene atmosphere and 
rich culture, Wayanad tourism is a perfect mix of nature and man-made 
heritage. After all, the place is famous for its richness in cultures, 
traditions, and tribal heritage. Small, unnamed waterfalls, that line 
the city haphazardly, add to the place’s charm. Being home to some of 
the most lush green vegetation, Wayanad is one of the most refreshing 
forest and unique places to visit in Kerala.

Places To Stay: Arayal, 
Banasura Hill, Wayanad Wild – CGH Earth, Mount Xanadu
Things To Do: 
Kuruva Island: Enjoy Bamboo Rafting, Pookode Lake: Enjoy Boating, 
Camping: When The Hills Summon You, Cycling: Go Around Town
Ideal 
Duration: 1 Night/2 Days
Popular Tourist Attractions: Besides top 
Wayanad tourist places, there are Thusharagiri Waterfalls, Thirunelli 
Temple, Banasura Hill, Lakkidi View Point, P Kuruvadweep, Puliyarmala 
Jain Temple, Kabini, Papanashini River, and Padinjarathara Dam.
Best 
Time To Visit: October to May; adventure enthusiasts should visit 
during the monsoon months of July and August to enjoy the perks of 
trekking and other adventure activities.
Nearest Airport: Karipur 
International Airport at Calicut is just 95 km away.
Nearest Railway 
Station: Kozhikode Railway Station, which is 72 km away from 
Wayanad.

5. Thekkady – For The Love Of Wildlife

Image 
Source

Thekkady is simply heaven hidden in thick forests and wild 
vegetation and this is exactly what it makes one of the best forest 
tourist places in Kerala. You get to see the nearly extinct species of 
animals including tigers, sambars, gaurs, and lion-tailed macaques. 
Also, there are elephants, lions, deers, bison, boars, and the Great 
Indian tigers. Probably, the most favored among Kerala’s tourist 
places, Thekkady boasts of abundant beauty and exotic wildlife. Its 
trekking path from Moozhiyar to Thekkady Gavi is one of the most 
popular trails in South India. Boating and wildlife observation are 
two of the favorite pastimes in Thekkady.

Places To Stay: The 
Elephant Court , Paradisa Plantation Retreat, The Mountain Courtyard, 
Forest Canopy, Poetree Sarovar Portico
Things To Do: Thekkady Boating 
Tours, Bamboo Rafting & Hiking in Thekkady, Border Hiking, Jungle 
Night Patrol
Ideal Duration: 1 Day
Popular Tourist Attractions: 
Besides the top places to visit in Thekkady, there are Periyar Lake, 
Kadathanadan Kalari Centre, Elephant Junction, Deepa World Spice, and 
Ayurvedic Garden, Kumily, Ramakkalmedu, Mullaperiyar Dam, Periyar 
Tiger Trail, Mudra Cultural Centre, Vandiperiyar, Chellarkovil, 
Murikkady, and Vandanmedu.
Best Time To Visit: November to 
early-May
Nearest Airport: Madurai Airport is just 136 km 
away.
Nearest Railway Station: Kottayam Railway Station is 114 km 
away.

Suggested Read: Scuba Diving In Kerala

Planning your holiday 
in Kerala but confused about what to do? These Kerala travel stories 
help you find your best trip ever!

Vivek Writes How His Kerala 
Honeymoon Was A Perfect Start To His Married Life

Houseboats, 
Backwaters, & Beauty all around!

Read More




Pranav Lists The Best 
Places In Kerala That He Enjoyed On His Honeymoon

Kochi, Munnar, 
Thekkady, Alleppey, & lots of pretty islands!

Read More




Vishu 
Tells How Kerala Turned Out To Be The Ultimate Honeymoon 
Destination

Tea plantations, Backwaters, Houseboats, & More!

Read 
More




Here Is Why Rajeev Can’t Stop Talking About His Romantic Trip 
To Kerala

Canoes in backwaters, houseboats, waterfalls, & much 
more!

Read More




Manish’s Family Trip To Kerala Illustrates The 
Beauty Of God’s Own Country

There were warerfalls, lush hills, 
beaches, & backwaters!

Read More




Kanika Proves That Traveling 
With An Infant To Kerala Is Totally Safe & Wonderful

Beaches, 
Backwaters, Spas, & More. Take me there now, please!

Read 
More




See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website




<
>

6. 
Kovalam – For Some Beach Fun

Image Source

Kovalam beach, one of top 
romantic Kerala beaches, is famous for its New Year celebrations, deep 
strong massages, Ayurvedic treatments, sunbathing fests, and water 
sports like parasailing. It has a crescent-shaped coastline which is 
always buzzing with activities. People from different countries, 
cultures, and states come together and add to the beauty of the 
place.

Places To Stay: Hotel Jasmine Palace Kovalam, Hotel Samudra 
KTDC, Jumayira Residency, Kovalam Beach Hotel, Unwind Hotels And 
Resorts
Things To Do: Take a sightseeing tour – An excursion to 
discover the town, Spend a night in the houseboat, Give adventure 
sports a shot
Ideal Duration: 1 Night/2 Days
Popular Tourist 
Attractions Lighthouse Beach, Hawa Beach, The Lighthouse, Samudra 
Beach, Thiruvallam Parasurama Temple, Vizhinjam Marine Aquarium, 
Halcyon Castle, Akkulam Lake, Vizhinjam Fishing Harbor, Kovalam Jama 
Masjid, Vellayani Lake, Karamana River, Aruvikkara, Rock Cut Caves, 
and Valiathura Pier.
Best Time To Visit: September to May
Nearest 
Airport: Trivandrum International Airport is mere 15 km away.
Nearest 
Railway Station: Trivandrum Railway Station is just 14 km away.

7. 
Vagamon – Solitude Guaranteed

Image Source

There is an enchanting 
hill station called Vagamon which is hidden from all the hoopla and 
surprisingly is one of the best places to visit in Kerala. Adorned 
with magical meadows, mystical gardens, beautiful dales, aromatic tea 
plantations, and misty valleys, Vagamon hills has surely earned its 
place among the best tourist places in Kerala. The fresh air and 
perfectly manicured gardens of Vagamon are a breath of fresh 
air.

Places To Stay: Honeycomb By Astral Inn, Chillax, Falcon Crest, 
Lavender, The Kissing Mountains
Things To Do: Murugan Mala- Trekking, 
Off Roading, Vagamon Lake- Boat Ride, Ulipooni Wildlife Sanctuary- 
Visit
Ideal Duration: 1 Day
Popular Tourist Attractions: Thangal Hill, 
Murugan Hill, Kurisumala, Vagamon Pine Forest, Barren Hills, The 
Pattumala Church, Vagamon Lake, Mundakayam Ghat, Vagamon Falls, and 
Maramala Waterfalls.
Best Time To Visit: Early-August to May
Nearest 
Airport: Kochi International Airport is 94 km away from 
Vagamon.
Nearest Railway Station: Kottayam Railway Station is 15 km 
away.

Suggested Read: 8 Kerala Travel Tips

8. Bekal – Nothing Less 
Than Heaven On Earth!

Image Source

Bekal is especially known for its 
famous Bekal Fort, which is rated amongst the best places to visit in 
Kerala. Many Indian movies, like Rang De Basanti, are filmed in the 
fort premises. The sea breeze passing through your hair, the pleasant 
weather and good company are key ingredients to have a good time in 
Bekal. Owing to exotic beauty and serenity, Bekal is among the top 
three honeymoon places in South India.

Places To Stay: Taj Bekal 
Resort and Spa, The Lalit Resort and Spa Bekal, Kanan Beach Resorts, 
Malabar Oceanfront Resort and Spa
Things To Do: Bekal Fort-Witness The 
Glory and grandeur Of Bekal’s, Bekal Beach-Explore The Heavenly 
Paradise Delight, Nityanand Ashram experience tranquillity
Ideal 
Duration: 1 Night/2 Days
Popular Tourist Attractions: Bekal Fort, 
Ananthapura Temple, Valiyaparamba Backwaters, Bekal Beach, 
Mallikarjuna Temple, Chandragiri Fort, Kappil Beach, Nileswaram, Bekal 
Hole Aqua Park, and Pallikere Beach.
Best Time To Visit: September to 
May
Nearest Airport: Bajpe Airport is nearest at 72 km.
Nearest 
Railway Station: Kasaragod Railway Station is just 12 km from 
Bekal.

9. Kozhikode – For Authentic Malabar Cuisine

Image 
Source

Kozhikode, also known as Calicut, is one of the most active 
commercial cities and popular Kerala tourist places you can think of. 
The place is famous for its culture, historical sites, educational 
institutions, and culinary experiences. The architecture of the city 
has strong influences of the Dutch and the British. It is known for 
its authentic Malabar food and the exotic spices that make the food so 
delicious. When in Calicut, don’t miss out on delicacies like Dum 
Biryani, Kallummakkaya, Chatti Pathiri, and Dal Halwa.

Places To 
Stay: The Gateway Hotel Beach Road Kozhikode, Sunrise Homestay
Things 
To Do: Try local food, shopping
Ideal Duration: 1 Night/2 Days
Popular 
Tourist Attractions: Mananchira, Conolly Canal, Hilite Mall, Kallayi, 
Tali Temple, Kappad Beach, Kozhikode Beach, Thusharagiri Waterfalls, 
Sargaalaya, Payyoli Beach, Kozhippara Falls, and Matri Dei 
Cathedral.
Best Time To Visit: September to May
Nearest Airport: 
Karipur International Airport in Calicut is just 28 km away.
Nearest 
Railway Station: Kozhikode Railway Station is well within the city 
limits.

Suggested Read: Food Paradises of Kerala

10. Varkala – One 
Of Kerala’s Most Scenic Seasides

Image Source

Varkala is one of the 
best places in Kerala seaside. The enticing coastline with cliffs on 
one side and lush greenery on the other attracts thousands of tourists 
and water-adventure enthusiasts to the beach. It is popular for 
activities like boat riding, surfing, parasailing, jetting, and 
horse-riding are the life of the beach. The unmatched beauty of the 
beach is at its prime during sunsets. The hues of colourful rays make 
for a surreal atmosphere. Add a dash of luxury by choosing from the 
most exotic beach resorts in Kerala, around Varkala and you are 
set.

Varkala is also an important religious place in Hindu culture. 
Adorned with many Hindu temples, it welcomes many religious travellers 
and heritage lovers to its seams with open arms. With so much packed 
in a single city, Varkala is certainly fit to be among the best places 
to visit in Kerala.

Places To Stay: Zostel Varkala, Quality Inn, 
Varkala Cliff Villa, The Lost Hostel, Short Giraffe Hostels
Things To 
Do: Water Sports: Be Thrilled, Varkala Culture Center: For An 
Enriching Experience, Yoga: Rejuvenate Yourself, Local Cuisine: Treat 
Your Tastebuds
Ideal Duration: 1 Night/2 Days
Popular Tourist 
Attractions: Varkala Beach, Janardhan Temple, Sivagiri Muth, Kappil 
Lake, Papanasam Beach, Janardan Swami Temple, Vishnu Temple, Anjengo 
Fort, Sarkara Devi Temple, Varkala Tunnel, and Kaduvayil Thangal 
Dargah.
Best Time To Visit: August to mid-May
Nearest Airport: 
Trivandrum International Airport is 53 km away.
Nearest Railway 
Station: Varkala Sivagiri Railway Station is well within the city 
limits.

11. Kannur – The Picture Perfect Coastal Town

Image Credit: 
Rajesh Kakkanatt for Wikipedia

Kannur, formerly known as Cannanore is 
one of the best tourist places in Kerala for 1 day, popular for 
weaving industries. Feel the charm of this beautiful colonial town, 
located at the northeastern coast of Kerala with its sun-kissed 
beaches bordered by luxuriant cashew plantations, ancient temples, 
splendid monuments and British and Dutch style buildings.

Places To 
Stay: Hotel Blue Nile, Central Avenue, Broad Bean, Sea Breeze Beach 
Inn, Royal Omars
Things To Do: Banana Boat Ride, Paithalmala Trekking, 
Bike Trip, Wave Runner, Boating
Ideal Duration: 1 Day
Popular Tourist 
Attractions: Ezhimala Beach, Fort St. Angelos, Tellicherry Fort and 
Rajarajeshwara Temple
Best Time To Visit: October to March to enjoy a 
cool climate.
Nearest Airport: Calicut International Airport
Nearest 
Railway Station: Kannur Main

Suggested Read: 9 Hill Stations Near 
Kannur 

12. Kasargod – A Coastal Paradise In Kerala

Image Credit: 
Renjithks for Wikimedia Commons

Among the best Kerala trip places 
Kasargod is quite famous among tourists. Located close to Bekal, 
tucked between the Western Ghats on one side and the Azure Arabian Sea 
on the other, Kasargod is an entrancing beauty of ‘God’s own country.’ 
Featuring rolling hills, plush coconut plantations, soothing sea 
breeze, and a host of heritage temples, it attracts peace-loving 
travellers and is considered one of the most photogenic places in 
Kerala.

Places To Stay: The Lalit Resort And Spa Bekal, Taj Bekal 
Resort And Spa, Bekal Little Hut Homestay
Things To Do: Take a stroll, 
Click Pictures
Ideal Duration: 1 Day
Popular Tourist Attractions: 
Bekal Fort, Madhur Temple, Thonikadavu and Ananthapura Lake Temple, 
Malom Wildlife Sanctuary and Ranipuram
Best Time To Visit: June to 
November and January to February. Avoid summer months as they are warm 
and humid.
Nearest Airport: Mangalore International Airport
Nearest 
Railway Station: Kasargod has its own railhead

13. Kizhunna Beach – 
For Complete Solace

Image Credit: Ks.mini for Wikimedia 
Commons

Listed as one of the secluded beaches in Kerala, Kizhunna 
Beach is beautiful, less crowded and pristine. Adorned by reddish and 
black cliffs and bordered by lush green palm plantations, Kizhunna 
Beach is the ideal place to relax, unwind and rejuvenate. People visit 
this scenic beach during weekends and indulge in sunbathing beach 
strolls, and swimming. 

Places To Stay: Kanbay Beach Resort, Ocean 
Green Homestay, Mascot Beach Resort
Things To Do: Take a stroll, Click 
Pictures
Ideal Duration: 2 hours
Popular Tourist Attractions: Ezhara 
Beach – regarded as the twin beach of Kizhunna, Arakkal Museum, 
Munambam, Mappila Bay, Kannur town, Sea View Park and Dharmadam 
Island.
Best Time To Visit: Round the year, except from June to 
August.
Nearest Airport: Calicut International Airport
Nearest Railway 
Station: Kannur

Suggested Read: 37 Amazing Things To Do In 
Kerala 

14. Idukki – The True Gem Of Kerala

Image Credit: Shaji0508 
for Wikimedia Commons

Among the best holiday destinations in Kerala, 
Idukki is the perfect place if relaxation and rejuvenation is your 
priority. Nestled amidst verdant hills and luxurious forests, Idukki 
tourist places allure ardent travellers, nature enthusiasts, and 
photography buffs with their stunning natural aura and attractions. 
Surrounded by aromatic tea and spice plantations, Idukki is undeniably 
one of the famous tourist spots in Kerala perfect for treks, nature 
walks, and bird watching.

Places To Stay: Best Mist Home Stay, 
Meadows Pride Homestay, Olivia Homestay, John’s Villa Homestay, Green 
Spot Homestay
Things To Do: Trekking, Camping, Paragliding, Misty 
Mountain Resort
Ideal Duration: 1 Night/2 Days
Popular Tourist 
Attractions: Thattekkad Bird Sanctuary or Salim Ali Bird Sanctuary, 
Kolukkumalai Tea Estate, Thommankuthu Falls, Ramakkal, Kalvari Mount, 
Idukki Arch Dam, Cheeyappara Waterfalls and Kalvari Mount
Best Time To 
Visit: June to August and November to January
Nearest Airport: 
Kochi
Nearest Railway Station: Theni- 60 km from Idukki.

15. Munroe 
Island – For An Exciting Canal Cruise

Image Credit: Wikimedia 
Commons

One of the main tourist places in Kerala, Munroe Island is 
perched at the confluence of Ashtamudi Lake and River Kallada, 27 km 
from Kollam, Munroe Island is popular for canal cruises in Kerala. 
Named after Colonel Munroe, this place showcases the scenic rural 
landscape of Kerala with thatched houses, coconut plantations, narrow 
canals, lagoons and mangrove forests. Counted as one of the best 
places to visit in Kerala, Munroe Island is also famous for the 
Kallada Boat Race held in September every year.

The canal cruise of 
Munroe Island is run by the District Tourism Promotion Council. The 
voyage operates twice a day, morning at 9:00 AM and afternoon at 2 PM. 
Charges per person for the cruise are INR 500.

Places To Stay: 
Moneroe Meadows, Muneroe Island Lake Resort, The Monroe Vibe 
Inn
Things To Do: Take a stroll, savor the view, Click Pictures
Ideal 
Duration: 5-6 hours
Popular Tourist Attractions: Thangassery Light 
House, Kollam Beach and Thirumullavaram Beach
Best Time To Visit: 
Throughout the year, except monsoon.
Nearest Airport: Trivandrum 
International Airport
Nearest Railway Station: Munroe Island Railway 
Station

Suggested Read: Top 28 Honeymoon Places In Kerala

16. 
Kavvayi Backwaters – The Stunning Backwater Landscape

Image Credit: 
Vinayaraj for Wikimedia Commons

To enjoy the real charm of Kerala 
backwater, Kavvayi Backwaters Island should be on your list of famous 
tourist places in Kerala. Counted as the third largest backwater in 
the state and one of the most scenic places to see in Kerala, Kavvayi 
Backwaters Island is formed at the confluence of River Kavvayi and its 
tributaries Kuppithodu, Konkol and Kuniyan. One can cruise in 
houseboats in and around the islands on Kavvayi Backwaters, locally 
known as Kavvayi Kayal. 

Places To Stay: Kavvayi Rivera, Kavayi Beach 
House
Things To Do: Savor the scenic view, Click Pictures
Ideal 
Duration: 2 hours
Popular Tourist Attractions: Holy Snakes Forest 
located in Edayilakadu Island
Best Time To Visit: October to March, 
for soothing weather.
Nearest Airport: Calicut International 
Airport
Nearest Railway Station: Payyanur

17. Kuttanad – Rice Bowl Of 
Kerala

Image Credit: Viswaprabha for Wikimedia Commons

Located in 
the Alappuzha region, Kuttanad is one of the most beautiful places in 
Kerala to see and experience the rural landscape with charming 
villages, backwaters, rivers and agricultural lands. Moreover, 
Kuttanad is the perfect place to see the globally famous traditional 
Heritage Agricultural System of Kerala with farmland bordered by 
canals and inland waterways.

Places To Stay: Warmth Lake Haven, 
Triveni River Palace
Things To Do: Savor the scenic view, Click 
Pictures
Best Time To Visit: October to March months are extremely 
pleasant.
Ideal Duration: 1 Day
Popular Tourist Attractions: Punnamada 
Lake and Pampa River
Nearest Airport: Cochin International 
Airport
Nearest Railway Station: Alappuzha

Suggested Read: Best Of 
Shopping In Kerala

18. Thrissur – Experience Rich Cultural 
Heritage

Image Credit: Jpullokaran for Wikipedia

One of the best 
among all the other Kerala trip places, Thrissur boasts of its rich 
cultural extravaganza along with scenic splendour like picturesque 
waterfalls and beaches. Famous for Thrissur Pooram and Onam 
celebrations, this small quaint town of Kerala is fittingly 
acknowledged as the ‘cultural capital of Kerala. 

Places To Stay: 
Hotel Niya Regency, Kochi Marriott Hotel, KPM Tripenta Hotel, Hotel 
Abis Grand, The Mayberry
Things To Do: Athirappilly Waterfalls: Lose 
Yourself In The View, Vadakkunnathan Temple: Seek Blessings, Kerala 
Kalamandalam: Seek Peace In Art, Snehatheeram Beach: Beachy 
Activities
Ideal Duration: 2 Nights/3 Days
Popular Tourist 
Attractions: Snehatheeram Beach, Vazhachal Waterfalls, Vadakkunnathan 
Temple, Paramekavu Bhagavathy Temple and Athirappilly Waterfalls
Best 
Time To Visit: October to March is the Best Time To Visit Thrissur. 
One can also visit during April and May to experience the grandeur of 
the Thrissur Pooram festival.
Nearest Airport: Cochin International 
Airport
Nearest Railway Station: Thrissur railway station; well 
connected with Trivandrum, Chennai, Bangalore, Pune, Mumbai and 
Delhi.

19. Palakkad – A Nature’s Delight

Image Credit: Rajesh 
Kakkanatt for Wikimedia Commons

Just like a beautiful picture 
postcard, Palakkad features the most awesome weather, picturesque 
mountains, sparkling lakes, beautiful dams, lush green forests and 
majestic temples and forts. This lush greenery makes it another one of 
the most rejuvenating forest tourist places in Kerala. With vast 
sprawling paddy estates and tea plantations, Palakkad, one of Kerala’s 
famous places is aptly known as the ‘granary of Kerala’.

Places To 
Stay: Tree Top Resort, Vythiri Resort, Misty Valley Hill Resorts, 
Misty Valley Hill Resorts, Coffee Valley Resorts
Things To Do: Fantasy 
Park: Embrace The Inner Child, Palakkad Fort: Revisit The History, 
Rock Garden: Witness The Artistic Side Of The District, Malampuzha 
Dam: Soak In The Beauty Of The Reservoir
Ideal Duration: 1 Night/2 
Days
Popular Tourist Attractions: Silent Valley National Park, 
Palakkad Fort, Malampuzha Garden and Dam, Parambikulam Wildlife 
Sanctuary, Jain Temple and Seethargundu viewpoint
Best Time To Visit: 
November to March months are extremely pleasant here.
Nearest Airport: 
Coimbatore Airport
Nearest Railway Station: Palakkad railway station 
and Palakkad Town Railway

Suggested Read: 15 Pristine Beaches Near 
Munnar 

20. Malappuram – Vedic Learning And Islamic Philosophy 
Centre

Image Credit: Wikipedia

One of the most offbeat yet best 
places to see in Kerala is Malappuram. Locally translated as ‘land 
atop hills’ this place is famous for expansive teak plantations and 
houses many heritage temples, mosques and historic monuments.

Places 
To Stay: Karibu Residency, Redbell Suites Malapuram
Things To Do: Teak 
Museum, Nedumkayam Rainforest, Boating, Camping
Ideal Duration: 1 
Day
Popular Tourist Attractions: Nilambur Teak Museum, Kottakkunnu and 
Thirumandhamkunnu Bhagavathy Temple
Best Time To Visit: July to 
September to enjoy the beauty of rains. November to February to get 
away from the scorching heat of cities.
Nearest Airport: Calicut 
International Airport
Nearest Railway Station: Angadippuram- 16 km 
from Malappuram is the closest railway station.

21. Poovar – The 
Tropical Stay Paradise

Image Source

Located in Trivandrum District 
of Kerala, Poovar island is famed for its scenic beach. The beach is 
also dotted with classy resorts that make it one of the ideal places 
to visit in Kerala if you’re in search for a lovely tropical 
staycation.

Places To Stay: Niramaya Retreats, Poovar Island Resort, 
Isola Di Cocco
Things To Do: Savor the scenic view, Click 
Pictures
Ideal Duration: 1 Day
Popular Tourist Attractions: Aazhimala 
Siva Temple, Poovar Beach, Arjuna Backwaters
Best Time To Visit: 
October to February
Nearest Airport: Trivandrum International Airport 
is located just 30 km away.
Nearest Railway Station: 
Thiruvananthapuram Railway Station is located 27 km away from 
Poovar

Suggested Read: Kerala In June

22. Ponmudi – The Golden 
Peak

Image Credit: Arunelectra for Wikipedia

If you’re a mountain 
child and wish to lose yourself amidst lush mist-laden hills, then 
Ponmudi Hills is the place for you. This is one of Kerala’s famous 
places also for the hikers and trekkers since there is so much to 
explore! With many narrow winding roads, the landscape of Poovar looks 
surreal. The tea gardens spanning all around add charm to its 
beauty.

Places To Stay: KTDC Golden Peak, Hotel Rohini International. 
Hill View Stay Inn
Things To Do: Savor the scenic view, Click 
Pictures
Ideal Duration: 1 Day
Popular Tourist Attractions: Meenmutty 
Falls, Mankayam Waterfalls, and Ponmudi Rock
Best Time To Visit: All 
around the year
Nearest Airport: Trivandrum International Airport is 
67 km away from Ponmudi
Nearest Railway Station: Thiruvananthapuram 
Central railway station is located about 55 km away

23. Guruvayur – A 
Spiritual Spot

Image Source

One of Kerala’s most spiritual places, 
Guruvayur is located in Thrissur District. Being a small town, this is 
one of the lesser-known tourist places to visit in Kerala, and thus a 
perfect spot to get to know the local culture of the state. Guruvyaur 
is one of the best places to visit in Kerala for those who are seeking 
to embrace the essence of spirituality.

Places To Stay: Srivar 
Hotels, Kunnathur Mana Ayurveda Heritage And Luxurious Resort, 
Sterling Guruvayur, Sopanam Heritage, Krishna Inn
Things To Do: Seek 
blessings, Click Pictures
Ideal Duration: 1 Night/2 Days
Popular 
Tourist Attractions: Guruvayur Sree Vishnu Temple, Mammiyoor Temple, 
and St. Thomas Church
Best Time To Visit: October to March
Nearest 
Airport: Cochin International Airport is located 87 km away
Nearest 
Railway Station: Guruvayur has its own railway station

Suggested 
Read: 11 Holiday Homes In Kerala 

24. Ashtamudi – Impeccable 
Beauty

Image Source

Ashtamudi is one of the quaint and best places 
to visit in Kerala in Kollam attracting visitors from far across the 
globe because of its impeccable beauty. Visitors usually come here to 
enjoy the scenic beauty and soak themselves in the soothing ambience 
of God’s Own Country. The pictorial city has many popular tourist 
attractions you can witness like cashew processing, traditional 
fishing, gorgeous Ashtamudi lake and a lot more.

Places To Stay: The 
Raviz Ashtamudi, Club Mahindra Ashtamudi, Ashtamudi Villas
Things To 
Do: Fishing, relax amidst nature
Ideal Duration: 1  Day
Popular 
Tourist Attractions: Thevally Palace, Alumkadavu Boat Building Yard, 
Ashtamudi Lake and Monroe Island
Best Time To Visit: November to 
February (winter months)
Nearest Airport: Trivandrum International 
Airport (71 km)
Nearest Railway Station: Kollam Junction (15 km)

25. 
Marari – Gorgeous Beach Location

Image Source

Marari Beach in the 
Alleppey district of Kerala is a paradise for beach lovers. It is one 
of the most gorgeous beaches in the country and is also rated among 
the top five ‘Hammock Beaches’ by National Geographic. One can enjoy 
various beach activities, sun basking or simply chill in peace for 
some time. The beautiful white sand beach is also famous for its 
gorgeous sunset view.

Places To Stay: Munroe Meadows, Munroe Heritage 
Inn, Munroe Nest Homestay, Kailasam Home Stay, Munroe Coconut 
Homestay
Things To Do: Savor the scenic view, Click Pictures
Ideal 
Duration: 1 Day
Popular Tourist Attractions: Alappuzha Beach, 
Cherthala, The Dutch Palace, Thumpolly Beach, Chinese Fishing Nets, 
Mararikulam Shiva Temple, Poochakkal and St. Andres Church
Best Time 
To Visit: September to May
Nearest Airport: Cochin International 
Airport (90 km)
Nearest Railway Station: Mararikulam Railway Station 
(3 km)

Suggested Read: Kerala In November

26. Cochin – Major Port 
City

Image Source

Cochin is a major port city in God’s own country. 
Fondly called the Queen of the Arabian Sea, this is one of the best 
places to visit in Kerala for couples and has forever been on every 
traveller’s bucket list. It is a perfect blend of local flavours and 
modern ideas, to offer the best to its visitors. The backwaters, 
beaches, and traditional spice markets which are a short drive from 
Cochin have made their way to the list of things to see and experience 
in Cochin.

Places To Stay: Sea Lagoon Health Resort, Sea Lagoon 
Health Resort, Holiday Inn Cochin, The Mercy, Travancore Court By 
Spree, Grand Hotel Cochin
Things To Do: Click Pictures, Sightseeing, 
Try Local food, Shopping
Ideal Duration: 1 Night/2 Days
Popular 
Tourist Attractions: Fort Kochi, Vypeen Beach, Cherai Beach, 
Andhakaranzhi Beach, Chinese Fishing Nets, Marine Drive, St. Francis 
Church, Basilica of Santa Cruz, Bolghatty Island, Thrikkara 
Temple
Best Time To Visit: July to April
Nearest Airport: Cochin 
International Airport
Nearest Railway Station: Kochi Railway 
Junction

27. Malampuzha – India’s Spice Capital

Image Source

A 
popular village in the Palakkad district of Kerala, Malampuzha is 
India’s spice capital. Famous Kerala tourist places with lush greenery 
all around and a soothing ambience, you can feel the true essence of 
Kerala here. The tranquillity and picture-perfect display of this part 
of the state makes it a must-visit place in Kerala.

Places To Stay: 
KTDC Garden House Malampuzha, Hotel Govardhan Samos, Hotel 
Tripenta
Things To Do: Savor the scenic view, Click Pictures, take a 
walk
Ideal Duration: 1 Night/2 Days
Popular Tourist Attractions: 
Malampuzha Dam, Palakkad Fort, Dhoni Hills and Waterfalls, Malampuzha 
Garden, Kava, Fantasy Park, Thread Garden, Rock Garden, Snake Park, 
UdanKhatola
Best Time To Visit: August to April
Nearest Airport: 
Coimbatore International Airport (55 km)
Nearest Railway Station: 
Palakkad Junction (8 km)

Suggested Read: Kerala In March

28. 
Nelliampathy – God’s Own Village

Image Credit: Shagil Kannur for 
Wikipedia

Nelliampathy is one of the most popular Kerala tourist 
places. This stunning hill station in Kerala is one of the least 
explored places. Fondly called God’s own village, it is an ideal 
getaway to enjoy the charming India’s backwater capital. With lofty 
peaks, hills and gardens; it is a perfect place for fun 
seekers.

Places To Stay: Kailas Plantations, Greenland Farmhouses 
Resort, Coffee Valley Resort
Things To Do: Savor the scenic view, 
Click Pictures, Take a relaxing walk
Ideal Duration: 1 Night/2 
Days
Popular Tourist Attractions: Nelliyampathy Hills, Nenmara, 
Palagapandi Estate, Padagiri, Parambikulam Wildlife Sanctuary, Raja’s 
Cliff, Seetharkundu Viewpoint, Pothundi Reservoir, Nelliyampathy 
Gardens
Best Time To Visit: October to March
Nearest Airport: 
Coimbatore Airport (113 km)
Nearest Railway Station: Palakkad Railway 
Station

29. Thiruvananthapuram – Economic Capital Of Kerala

Image 
Credit: Sudheeshnairs for Wikimedia Commons

Thiruvananthapuram is the 
capital city of God’s own country and also one of the popular Kerala 
tourism places. This largest city in the state has many tourist spots, 
exotic beaches and much more. It is also one of the finest cities to 
live in India and hence it is also rightly called the Economic Capital 
of Kerala. With so many places to visit, it attracts tourists from all 
walks of life.

Places To Stay: The Raviz Kovalam, Hilton Garden Inn, 
Hycinth Hotels
Things To Do: Sightseeing, shopping, Click 
Pictures
Ideal Duration: 1 Night/2 Days
Popular Tourist Attractions: 
Aruvikkara Dam, Neyyar Dam & Wildlife Sanctuary, Poovar, Koyikkal 
Palace, Kowdiar Palace, Agasthyakoodam, Kanakakunnu Palace, 
Anchuthengu Fort, Peppara Dam and Wildlife Sanctuary
Best Time To 
Visit: October to February
Nearest Airport: Trivandrum International 
Airport
Nearest Railway Station: Trivandrum Central Railway 
Station

Suggested Read: 32 Things To Do In Kochi 

30. Sabarimala – 
The Mecca Of India

Image Credit: Vinayaraj for Wikimedia Commons

The 
largest temple town in the entire country and the second largest in 
the entire world by virtue of the largest number of pilgrims visiting 
one of these Kerala tourist places, Sabarimala is a destination 
sitting in the heart of the Periyar Tiger Reserve. Blanketing Ayyappa 
temple, this temple has the essence of spirituality spread all 
across.

Dedicated to the son of the feminine incarnation of Lord 
Vishnu- Mohini and Lord Shiva, this temple appeals to the devotees of 
Dharma Sashta. It is believed that the idol of the Lord was placed 
atop the peak of the hilly mountain by another incarnation of Vishnu – 
Parasurama. This temple is sitting in between the forest-clad hills 
and dense vegetation.

Places To Stay: Periyar Meadows Leisure Hotels, 
Aranya Niwas, Greenwood Resorts Thekkady
Things To Do: Enjoy river 
rafting, visit the famous Sabarimala temple 
Ideal Duration: 1 
Day
Popular Tourist Attractions: Ayyappa Temple, Makaravilakku, Vavar 
Shrine, Erumeli, Malikappuram Devi Temple, Pampa Ganapathi Temple
Best 
Time To Visit: September to April
Nearest Airport: Kochi airport is 
the nearest at 110 km
Nearest Railway Station: Chengannur railway 
station is the nearest at 90 km

31. Kollam – Treasure Trove Of 
Natural Marvels

Image Credit: Arunvrparavur for Wikimedia 
Commons

Often tagged as one of the best places to visit in Kerala 
with friends, Kollam has proven to be an ideal destination for those 
who are seeking to escape the city chaos and embrace the tranquillity 
oozing out of natural wonders. Kollam is often referred to as the 
gateway to the backwaters and it exhibits some of the most picturesque 
views that take away the breath of spectators.

Snuggled on the shores 
of the Ashtamudi Lake, this destination is known for its rich and 
deeply-rooted history. This town reeks of old-world charm and is home 
to numerous ports in the Arabian Sea that were once of significance to 
merchants, explorers, and missionaries.

Places To Stay: Fragrant 
Nature Backwater Resort and Ayurveda Spa, Hotel All Seasons, The Raviz 
Resort and Spa, Ashtamudi Villas, All Season’s D’Fort Ayurvedic 
Resort
Things To Do: Canoeing, Paddlesport Activities, ATV Rides & 
Bike Tour, Houseboat Ride
Ideal Duration: 1 Night/2 Days
Popular 
Tourist Attractions: Thevally Palace, Amritapuri, Mahatma Gandhi Beach 
And Park, Jatay Earth’s Centre, Punalpur, Palaruvi Waterfalls
Best 
Time To Visit: September to February
Nearest Airport: Trivandrum 
airport is the nearest at 66 km
Nearest Railway Station: Kollam 
Junction Railway Station is located within the town itself

Suggested 
Read: Padmanabhapuram Palace: The Seat Of Royals & Kerala’s Prominent 
Attraction

32. Thalassery – The Most Beautiful Coastal Town

Image 
Credit: Shagil Kannur for Wikimedia Commons

Exhibiting deeply rooted 
history and rich culture that dates back to the time of the British 
era, Thalassery often named Tellicherry, is a coastal town that is one 
of its kind. Hiding impeccable experiences in its lap, Thalassery is a 
destination that offers a perfect amalgamation of the glorious past 
and the present-time natural marvels sitting in the arms of 
Kerala.

Giving travellers a chance to witness the charm of timeless 
ruins, Thalassery attracts history buffs and nature admirers from the 
entire country. Apart from being home to several thousand picturesque 
landscapes, this town is also famed for numerous bakeries that offer 
lip-smacking delicacies in every nook and cranny.

Places To 
Stay: Parco Residency, Hotel BKM International, Navaratna Inn
Things 
To Do: Relish bakery items, savour the picturesque view
Ideal 
Duration: 1 Night/2 Days
Popular Tourist Attractions: Mahe, Dharmadan, 
Thalassery Fort, Muzhappilangad Beach, Kannur, Overbury’s Folly, 
Gundert Bungalow, Tellicherry Pier, Jagannath Temple
Best Time To 
Visit: October to March
Nearest Airport: Calicut airport is the 
nearest at 94 km
Nearest Railway Station: Thalassery Railway Station 
is located within the town itself

33. Nilambur – The Land Of Teak 
Plantations

Image Credit: Vengolis for Wikimedia Commons

Showcasing 
unspoiled nature, Nilambur is one of the best places to visit in 
Kerala with family transfers travellers back to the time of colonial 
rule in the country. Blanketing an exquisite blend of culture and art, 
Nilambur is a quaint, little town snuggled on the shores of the 
Chaliyar River and is often tagged as the ‘Land of Teak 
Plantations’.

This destination offers awe-inspiring views of the 
well-groomed nature that houses exotic wilderness. Those who are 
seeking to get an insight into the royal history should surely 
consider travelling to Nilambur. There is an extensive number of woods 
that cover the floors of Nilambur including Venteak, mahogany, and 
rosewood. Massive Royal mansions, ancient tribal communities, 
extravagant rainforests, and enchanting waterfalls define this 
destination.

Places To Stay: Hotel Park Residency, Rose International 
Hotel, Green View Tourist Home
Things To Do: Witness the serene 
waterfalls, savour the view
Ideal Duration: 1 Day
Popular Tourist 
Attractions: Teak Museum, Kannimara Teak, Nedumkayam, The Elembala 
Hill, Adyanpara Waterfalls, Valamthode Waterfalls, Aruvacode
Best Time 
To Visit: October to March
Nearest Airport: Calicut is the Nearest 
Airport at 45 km
Nearest Railway Station: Nilambur Road Railway 
Station is located within the town itself

Suggested Read: 14 Guest 
Houses In Kerala

34. Kalpetta – That Quaint, Little Town

Image 
Credit: Dirtyworks for Wikimedia Commons

Another one of the Kerala 
tourist places that offers a perfect escape to the lap of mother 
nature is Kalpetta. This quaint town boasts about mighty forest-clad 
hills that are spread as far as the eye can see, the lush and dense 
vegetation, a refreshing aura, and charming scenic views. Sitting in 
Wayanad, Kalpetta reeks of the fragrance of coffee as soon as a 
traveller steps into this town. One can also witness some of the most 
impeccable ancient Jain temples covering the floors of this 
destination, which is nothing less than a cherry on top.

Places To 
Stay: Rippon Eco Woods, Western Ghats Holiday Homes, Hill Top Camping, 
Woodrose Resort, Pepper View
Things To Do: Visit the spiritual 
sites
Ideal Duration: 1 Day
Popular Tourist Attractions: Karapuzha 
Dam, Kanthanpara Waterfalls, Meenmutty Falls, Vaduvanchal, Muthanga 
Wildlife Sanctuary, Thirunelli Temple, Chembra Peak, Soochippara 
Waterfalls, Neelimala View Point
Best Time To Visit: October to 
March
Nearest Airport: Calicut airport is the nearest at 85 km
Nearest 
Railway Station: Kozhikode Railway Station is the nearest at 72 
km

35. Peerumedu – An Escape For Every Kind Of Traveler

Image 
Credit: Praveenp for Wikimedia Commons

A popular hill station sitting 
in Idukki District, Peerumedu is the most beautiful place in Kerala 
that is blessed immensely by Mother Nature. The rolling velvety 
grasslands, mystical hills, alluring streams of river, and the gushing 
waterfalls of this destination make it a perfect destination for those 
who are seeking solitude in their lives.

The lands of this 
destination are all covered with extremely fragrant plantations of 
cardamom, rubber, tea, and coffee which adds to its beauty. Home to a 
couple of tribal settlements including Orali, Malapandaram, and 
Malayarayan, Peerumedu offers a magnificent blend of cultures with its 
one leg still hanging somewhere in the ancient days. Peerumedu hides 
unmatchable experiences such as gorgeous trekking trails, picturesque 
landscapes, and much more. Thus, attracting various kinds of 
travellers ranging from honeymooners to adventure seekers.

Places To 
Stay: Wisteria Luxury Villas, Eagle Rock Holiday Villas, Thrisangu 
Haven Resort
Things To Do: Trekking, Witness the beauty of the 
waterfalls
Ideal Duration: 1 Day
Popular Tourist Attractions: Grampi, 
Thrissanku Hills, Payyumala, Wagamon, Peeru Hills, Sahyadri Ayurvedic 
Center
Best Time To Visit: April to June, September to 
November
Nearest Airport: Kochi airport is the nearest at 133 
km
Nearest Railway Station: Kottayam Railway Station is the nearest at 
54 km

Suggested Read:  New Year’s Celebrations in Kerala

36. 
Mannarkkad – Doorway To Silent Valley

Image Credit: Ferozmsha for 
Wikipedia

Lying in God’s Own Country, Mannarkkad is one of those 
Kerala visiting places that attract those travellers who are seeking 
to get closer to nature and wildlife. Blessed tremendously with mother 
nature, this destination is home to an extensive number of tribal 
settlements.

Sitting in the capital city of Kerala, Mannarkkad is one 
town that looks straight out of a fairytale with enchanting rivers 
flowing through the forest-clad valley, making it a picturesque spot. 
Snuggling on the foothills of the Western Ghats, Mannarkkad is a town 
that is one of the largest agricultural markets in Kerala, welling 
various plantation products including cinnamon, rubber, pepper, and 
plantain.

Places To Stay: Hotel Hill View Tower, Ritzy Malabar The 
Retreat Hotel, KTDC Tamarind
Things To Do: Shopping, relax amidst 
serenity
Ideal Duration: 1 Night/2 Days
Popular Tourist Attractions: 
Ooty, Wayanad, Munnar, Palakkad, Nilambur, Coonoor, Malampuzha
Best 
Time To Visit: May to September
Nearest Airport: Calicut airport is 
the nearest at 73 km
Nearest Railway Station: Palakkad Railway Station 
is the nearest at 32 km

37. Vythiri – The Resort Town

Image Credit: 
Airin010 for Wikipedia

Boasting the old-world charm that reeks from 
every corner of this destination, Vythiri is one of the ideal Kerala 
visiting places. Vythiri is known for blanketing charming antique 
cottages, gorgeous tree houses, and magnificent log huts. Vythiri is 
an umbrella that covers around 18 villages in the district of 
Wayanad.

This is a perfect destination for those who wish to take a 
step into the ancient past and embrace the simpler lifestyles of those 
times. Vythiri is one destination that offers one of the finest 
amalgamations of country lifestyles with a touch of modernity to 
it.

Places To Stay: The Sanihara, Nexstay Indeevara Retreat, Mellow 
Shack, Tea Terrace Vythiri, Vythiri Stream View
Things To Do: Stay at 
tree houses, relish local foodThings To Do: Stay at tree houses, 
relish local food
Ideal Duration: 1 Day
Popular Tourist Attractions: 
Wayanad Wildlife Sanctuary, Pookot Lake, Soochipara Falls, Banasura 
Dam, Chembra Peak
Best Time To Visit: October to April
Nearest 
Airport: Calicut airport is the nearest at 74 km
Nearest Railway 
Station: Kozhikode is the Nearest Railway Station at 61 km

Suggested 
Read: 4 Best Airports In Kerala

38. Thenmala – The Planned Ecotourism 
Land

Image Credit: Arunvrparavur for Wikipedia

Nestled amidst the 
lush green vegetation of the Western Ghats, Thenmala is one of the 
places to see in Kerala that has earned itself a position on the list 
of UNESCO World Heritage Sites. Covering the floors of Kollam in God’s 
Own Country, Thenmala blankets an extensive number of fragrant tea and 
beautiful rubber plantations and stands on top of our list of best 
places for one day trip in Kerala.

Translating to ‘Honey Hill’ in 
English, Thenmala is one of the highest suppliers of medicinal honey 
throughout this region. Apart from being a favourite among nature 
lovers, this destination also has plenty to offer for adventure 
enthusiasts including trekking trails, rock climbing hills, mountain 
biking, and much more.

Places To Stay: Thenmala Heritage, Orchard 
Valley Resort, Kumar Palace Leisure Hotel
Things To Do: Trekking 
trails, Rock climbing hills, Mountain biking
Ideal Duration: 1 
Day
Popular Tourist Attractions: Butterfly Safari, Leisure Zone, 
Nakshatravanam, Children’s Park, Adventure Zone
Best Time To Visit: 
December to February
Nearest Airport: Trivandrum airport is the 
nearest at 75 km
Nearest Railway Station: Thenmala Railway Station is 
located in the town itself.

39. Kottayam – The Cultural Hub

Image 
Credit: Pexels for Pixabay

Allowing travelers to travel back in time, 
Kottayam is one of the most serene places to see in Kerala. The 
ancient town of Kottayam boasts about being rich in culture. With its 
population achieving a hundred per cent literacy rate, this town was 
given the name ‘Akshara Nagari’, which also translates to the City of 
Letters. Along with being home to several publishing houses, this 
destination is also the commercial hub of spices and crops. The 
picturesque views and the ancient shrines simply add to the beauty of 
this destination.

Places To Stay: Akkara Homestay, Kuttickattil 
Gardens Homestay, Thomman’s farm stay, Nellimoottil Guest House, The 
Mana-Heritage stay
Things To Do: Vaikom: Enjoy The Secluded Beauty, 
Elaveezhapoonchira: Experience The Beauty Of Nature, Nadukani: The 
Perfect Picnic Spot, Island of Pathiramanal: For A Tropical Vibe
Ideal 
Duration: 1 Night/2 Days
Popular Tourist Attractions: Kottathavalam, 
Nadukani, Island of Pathiramanal, Illikkal Kallu, Kumarakom Bird 
Sanctuary, Thirunakkara Mahadeva Temple
Best Time To Visit: September 
to February
Nearest Airport: Kochi airport is the nearest at 86 
km
Nearest Railway Station: Kottayam railway station is located in the 
town itself

Suggested Read: Kovalam In December

40. Kumily – The 
Divider

Image Credit: Rojypala for Wikimedia Commons

The most 
beautiful place in Kerala, Kumily is a tiny quaint town that separates 
Kerala and Tamil Nadu. This one of the beautiful destinations in 
Kerala is famed for being home to numerous fragrant plantations, 
exotic wildlife, recreational activities, and adventurous experiences. 
The spice gardens sitting in the lap of this destination leave 
travellers in awe of Mother Nature. Also famed for its Ayurvedic 
massages, Kumily is one of the best destinations for those who are 
seeking to rejuvenate and revitalise on their escapade to the 
South.

Places To Stay: Niraamaya Retreats Cardamom Club, Panthalams 
Homestay, Kairali Palace Home Stay, Chrissie’s Hotel, Woodnote 
Thekkady
Things To Do: Ayurvedic massages, visit spice gardens
Ideal 
Duration: 1 Day
Popular Tourist Attractions: Thekkady Lake, Periyar 
National Park, Abraham’s Spice Garden, Kadathanadan Kalari Center
Best 
Time To Visit: September to April
Nearest Airport: Kochi airport is 
the nearest at 161 km
Nearest Railway Station: Theni railway station 
is the nearest at 62 km

41. Ponnani – Culturally Harmonious 
Land

Image Credit: Prof tpms for Wikimedia Commons

One of the most 
beautiful places for Kerala sightseeing, Ponnani is a beach town that 
looks right out of a storybook. This town earned its fame by the 
expansive sandy beaches with clear blue waters of the Arabian Sea. 
With its floors being covered by numerous Muslim Institutions, this 
destination is also tagged as the Mecca of South India. 

Ponnani is a 
destination where one can witness the best of cultural harmony. There 
is no dearth of eye-catching flora and fauna in this destination, 
which makes it one of the must-visit places to see in Kerala.

Places 
To Stay: Rouba Residency, Bhavanam Regency, Rajavalsam
Things To Do: 
Witness the flora and fauna
Ideal Duration: 1 Day
Popular Tourist 
Attractions: Jama Masjid, Thrikkavu Temple, Human Ath Mosque, 
Padinharekara Beach, Navamukunda Temple
Best Time To Visit: October to 
March
Nearest Airport: Calicut airport is the nearest at 55 km
Nearest 
Railway Station: Tirur railway station is the nearest at 19 
km

Suggested Read: 9 Hotels Near Trivandrum 

42. Pathanamthitta – A 
Land For Pilgrims

Image Credit: Prajaneeshp for Wikimedia 
Commons

Another one of the famous temple towns for Kerala 
sightseeing, Pathanamthitta is a small town that reeks of the essence 
of spirituality from every nook and corner. With being home to an 
extensive number of temples that are adorned with ancient 
architecture, Pathanamthitta is a destination that is one of its 
kind.

The untouched nature of this destination including divine 
rivers, forest-clad mountain ranges, and the plethora of coconut 
groves makes it a refreshing destination. Apart from being a hub to 
nature, this destination is also known for it metal mirror art and 
other handicrafts.

Places To Stay: Park Residency, Tharangam 
Residency, Hotel Hills Park
Things To Do: Seek blessings, sightseeing, 
shopping
Ideal Duration: 1 Day
Popular Tourist Attractions: 
Perunthenaruvi Waterfall, Thriveni Sangamam, Konni Forest Reserve, 
Kaviyoor Rock Temple, Kaviyoor Mahadeva Temple, Manjinikkara 
Church
Best Time To Visit: September to February
Nearest Airport: 
Trivandrum airport is the nearest at 109 km
Nearest Railway Station: 
Chengannur railway station is the nearest at 30 km

43. Devikulam – 
Home To Lake With A Legend

Image Credit: Jaseem Hamza for Wikimedia 
Commons

Another one of the quaint little towns in Kerala, Devikulam 
is famed for its lake with a legend of its own, making it one of the 
best places to visit in Kerala. The town is also home to numerous 
other marvels of Mother Nature including painted sceneries, magical 
waterfalls, and a plethora of tea plantations, giving travellers a 
chance to embrace Mother Nature to the fullest.

It is believed that 
Goddess Sita herself has taken a bath in the lake, thus its name being 
‘Sita Devi Lake’. This water body has an impeccable religious 
significance latched to it, and this is what attracts tourists all 
year long.

Places To Stay: Tea Valley Resort, Pine Tree, Je’s Home 
Stay
Things To Do: Walk around the tea plantations, witness the 
waterfalls
Ideal Duration: 1 Day
Popular Tourist Attractions: Sita 
Devi Lake, Thoovanam Falls, Pallivasal Lake, Tea and Spice 
Plantations
Best Time To Visit: November to May
Nearest Airport: Kochi 
airport is the nearest at 114 km
Nearest Railway Station: Kottayam 
Railway Station is the nearest at 132 km

Suggested Read: River 
Rafting In Kerala

44. Tholpetty – Habitat Of Wildlife

Image Credit: 
Jaseem Hamza for Wikimedia Commons

Home to the most exotic and 
diverse wildlife of God’s Own Country, Tholpetty is a destination that 
is a small part of the Wayanad Wildlife Sanctuary. Famed for offering 
a myriad of stunning flora and fauna to travellers, Tholpetty is home 
to various species of animal kingdoms including tigers, elephants, 
bears, monkeys, leopards, and more. There is also a watchtower located 
in this destination for those who wish to witness these species just 
living their lives in their natural habitat. A major chunk of this 
destination is completely covered with Silver Oak, Teak Trees, and 
Eucalyptus. It is one of the best places to visit in Kerala with 
friends.

Places To Stay: Koomankoly Heritage Resort, Coffee Polo 
Service Resort
Things To Do: Spot animals, click pictures
Ideal 
Duration: 1 Day
Popular Tourist Attractions: Wayanad Wildlife 
Sanctuary, Papanashini, Kuruva Dweep, Pakshipathalam Bird Sanctuary, 
Panchatirtha
Best Time To Visit: October to March
Nearest Airport: 
Calicut airport is the nearest at 134 km
Nearest Railway Station: 
Calicut railway station is the nearest at 100 km

45. Cherai – Known 
For Its Beachy Nature

Image Credit: Jan J George for Wikimedia 
Commons

Here is one of the places to visit in Kerala where you can 
visit the beautiful beaches on one end while amazing backwaters are 
awaiting you on the other one. Cherai is a very small town situated on 
the northern end of Vypin Island perfect for a private vacation. The 
beach area has plenty of dolphins which you can watch while sunbathing 
or building sand castles. Due to the seclusion, the place attracts a 
few couples on their honeymoon too!

Places To Stay: Cherai Beach 
Resort, Renai Blue Waters, Club Mahindra Cherai Beach
Things To Do: 
Sunbathing, Build sand castles
Ideal Duration: 2 days
Popular Tourist 
Attractions: Cherai Beach, Mangalavanam Bird Sanctuary, Mahatma Gandhi 
Beach, Kuzhupilly Beach, Vasco da Gama Square
Best Time To Visit: All 
year round
Nearest Airport: Cochin International Airport
Nearest 
Railway Station: Ernakulam Railway Station

Suggested Read: Trekking 
In Kerala

46. Kodanad – Ideal Place For Families

Image Credit: Hari 
Prasad Sridhar for Wikimedia Commons

Kodanad is one of the unheard 
tourist places in Kerala which is basically an idyllic village located 
just 42 km away from Kochi. You know if you are looking for a time, a 
moment which you will remember for your life, then Kodanad is the 
perfect place. With the Periyar River flowing nearby, the 
opportunities for boating and fishing are immense. And visit the 
elephant training centre to get a grasp of Kerala’s culture. This is 
the perfect place to spend quality time with family members.

Places 
To Stay: Hotel Dewland, Atlas Airport Hotel
Things To Do: Boating, 
Fishing
Ideal Duration: 1 day
Popular Tourist Attractions: 
Abhayaranyam Mini Zoo, Kaprikkad, Edavanakavu Temple, Malayattoor
Best 
Time To Visit: February to April
Nearest Airport: Cochin International 
Airport
Nearest Railway Station: Aluva Railway Station

47. Thodupuzha 
– Covered By Green Vegetation

Image Credit: Blak Aris for Wikimedia 
Commons

Thodupuzha is a municipal town and one of the largest in the 
district of Idukki. The area is mostly characterized by green 
vegetation while the Thodupuzha river flows through the town. With a 
relatively cool climate throughout the year, Thodupuzha is one of the 
coolest tourist places in Kerala. The list of places to wander in 
Thodupuzha is extensive and this is an ideal place for friends or 
family to visit on weekends.

Places To Stay: Hotel Moonlit Regency, 
Kalumkal Apartments, Hotel Ceasar Palace
Things To Do: Sightseeing, 
shopping
Ideal Duration: 2 days
Popular Tourist Attractions: Malankara 
Dam, Uravappara Temple, Karikode Temple, Uravappara View Point, 
Pampanal Waterfalls, Muniyara Cave
Best Time To Visit: August to 
November
Nearest Airport: Cochin International Airport
Nearest Railway 
Station: Nellikkavu Junction

Suggested Read: 7 Churches In 
Alleppey 

48. Kattappana – Perfect For A Road Trip

Image Credit: 
ബിപിൻ for Wikipedia

Another perfect municipal town in the Idukki 
district is Kattappana, which has been built on the Sahyadri range of 
Western Ghats. The place is rich in spice and commercial cultivation 
like tea and coffee. With a fairly moderate climate, Kattappana is one 
of the top places to see in Kerala throughout the year. The curly 
roads are amazing for a bike or car road trip while the mesmerizing 
views do the rest of the job.

Places To Stay: Cloud bay Hotel, Kgees, 
Trinity Residency
Things To Do: Sightseeing, boating, trekking, 
camping
Ideal Duration: 2 days
Popular Tourist Attractions: Anchuruli 
Waterfalls, Erattayar Dam, Plantations
Best Time To Visit: All year 
round
Nearest Airport: Cochin International Airport
Nearest Railway 
Station: Kottayam Railway Station

49. Paravur – A Pleasant 
Town

Image Credit: Arunvrparavur for Wikimedia Commons

Paravur is a 
town located in the Kollam district which comprises some of the finest 
tourism combinations. The town has an abundance of natural splendour 
in the form of backwaters, sea, lakes and vast expanses of green 
farms. This might not top the list of places to see in Kerala but has 
all the very potential to be part of it. The houseboat trips are just 
pleasant and fine exclusively inviting an environment that attracts 
couples. With the largest natural backwater lakes in South Asia, 
engage yourself in boating, fishing, surfing and swimming.

Places To 
Stay: Club Mahindra Cherai, Indriya Sand
Things To Do: Boating, 
Fishing, Surfing, Swimming
Ideal Duration: 2 days
Popular Tourist 
Attractions: Paravur Lake, Puttingal Temple, Polachira, Puthenkulam 
Elephant Village, Paravur Beach, Edava Nadayara Kayal, Kappil 
Pozhi
Best Time To Visit: October to March
Nearest Airport: Coimbatore 
International Airport
Nearest Railway Station: Kollam Railway 
Station

Suggested Read: 8 Road Trips From Kerala 

50. Parunthumpara 
– The Eagle Rock

Image Credit: Praveen for Wikipedia

Parunthumpara 
is a small and scenic village near Vagamon. Yes, Parunthumpara is one 
of the best places to visit in Kerala and a great spot to unclog from 
the hustle and bustle of cities. The village is surrounded by endless 
stretches of valleys, meadows and highlands. The mist covering the 
charming and picturesque landscape of Parunthumpara makes it one of 
the most scenic places to see in Kerala. Views from the mountaintop 
are just amazing – endless valleys, curly roads and the famous 
Sabarimala temple.

Places To Stay: Granby Gold, Springdale 
Heritage
Things To Do: Trekking, birdwatching
Ideal Duration: 2 
days
Popular Tourist Attractions: Parunthumpara Hill View Point, Tiger 
Sathram View Point, Suicide Point, Tagore Head
Best Time To Visit: All 
year round
Nearest Airport: Cochin International Airport
Nearest 
Railway Station: Kottayam Railway Station

51. Marayoor – Encounter 
Rich Heritage

Image Credit: Sajith Erattupetta for 
Wikipedia

Marayoor is an amazing town with sandalwood forests 
throughout the region otherwise shadowed by the Sahyadri mountain 
ranges. The beauty of these places to see in Kerala is that they are 
small, tiny dots on a map yet hold so many things in them. Nestled in 
the hills, the jungles and forests pave the way to a historical peak – 
the ancient dolmens and rock paintings from the Stone Age. As a 
history lover, you will love them! The aura of the place is such that 
you are awe-struck by the exotic and pristine beauty.

Places To 
Stay: Marayoor Holidays, Nature Castle Vattavada, Pleasant Holiday 
Resort
Things To Do: Hiking, Photography
Ideal Duration: 2 
days
Popular Tourist Attractions: Chinnar Wildlife Sanctuary, 
Sandalwood Forest, Kulachivayal Rocks, Muniyara – Anakottapara Park, 
Kanthalloor Waterfalls
Best Time To Visit: December or 
February
Nearest Airport: Peelamedu Airport
Nearest Railway Station: 
Aluva Railway Station

Suggested Read: 8 Absolutely Stunning 
Waterfalls Near Kottayam 

52. Anamudi

Image Credit: Sreedevi512 for 
Wikimedia Commons

Anamudi is another one on the list of popular 
places to visit in Kerala that is located in Eravikulum National Park. 
Anamudi Peak is amongst the highest mountain peaks in India and offers 
a vast collection of rich flora and fauna. The place is home to the 
largest surviving populations of Asian Elephants.

Places To 
Stay: Deep Woods Resort Munnar, Pavithra River View Homestay, Munnar 
Castle
Things To Do: Trekking, Photography, Camping
Ideal Duration: 2 
days
Popular Tourist Attractions: Eravikulam National Park, Lakkam 
Waterfalls, Mattupetty Dam
Best Time To Visit: December or 
February
Nearest Airport: Cochin Airport
Nearest Railway 
Station: Angamaly Railway Station

53. Chinnar Wildlife 
Sanctuary

Image Credit: RanjithSiji for Wikimedia Commons

Another 
delightful place for wildlife enthusiasts is Chinnar Wildlife 
Sanctuary. This is among the most protected regions of Kerala and 
showcases scenic views of nature. The place is home to over 34 species 
of mammals which includes panthers, spotted deer, etc.

Places To 
Stay: Marayoor Holidays, Nature Castle Vattavada, Pleasant Holiday 
Resort
Things To Do: Hiking, Photography
Ideal Duration: 2 
days
Popular Tourist Attractions: Sandalwood Forest, Kulachivayal 
Rocks, Muniyara – Anakottapara Park, Kanthalloor Waterfalls
Best Time 
To Visit: December or February
Nearest Airport: Peelamedu 
Airport
Nearest Railway Station: Pondar Junction

Suggested Read: 5 
Villas In Kottayam 

54. Valara Waterfalls

Image Source

One of the 
most refreshing places to visit in Kerala, Valara Waterfalls is a hub 
for backpackers. The waterfall is nestled amid Neriamangalam and 
Adimali and offers spectacular views of the surrounding ambience. The 
place is idesl for nature lovers or those interested in clicking on 
the panoramic beauty of Kerala.

Places To Stay: Munnar Crown 
Residency, Marjan Residency, Al-Hind
Things To Do: Hiking, 
Photography, Animal Spotting, Wildlife photography
Ideal Duration: 2 
days/ 3 nights
Popular Tourist Attractions: Cheeyaparra Waterfalls, 
Thattekad Bird Sanctuary, Thommankuntu Waterfalls
Best Time To Visit: 
November to February
Nearest Airport: Cochin Airport
Nearest Railway 
Station: Ettumanur

55. Top Station

Image Credit: 
Kiranbharatbarapatre for Wikimedia Commons

Top Station is located in 
Kundala Valley and being one of the most popular tourist attractions 
in Kerala, the place welcomes visitors throughout the year. The place 
is famous for its landscaped views featuring lush green tea 
plantations and valleys, spellbinding waterfalls, and exclusive 
flowers of Neelakurinji that grow once in twelve years.

Places To 
Stay: Nature Castle Vattavada, Pleasant Holiday Resort, Shola Country 
Resort
Things To Do: Nature walks, trekking, Hiking, Photography
Ideal 
Duration: 1 days
Popular Tourist Attractions: Pampadam National Park, 
Rhodo Valley
Best Time To Visit: December 
Nearest Airport: Cochin 
Airport
Nearest Railway Station: Ambaturai

Suggested Read: 7 Surreal 
Hill Stations Near Wayanad

56. Alleppey Beach

Image Credit: 
Mohanranga for Wikimedia Commons

If you are looking for an ideal 
place to have a family picnic then you can surely plan a visit to 
Alleppey Beach. As Alleppey is called the Venice of the East, the 
beach is a hub of holidayers and peace seekers. One of the scenic 
places to visit in Kerala, Alleppey Beach is famous for romantic 
evening strolls.

Places To Stay: Vrindavan Heritage Homes, Ramada by 
Wyndham, Alleppey Holiday Beach Resort 
Things To Do: Relax by the 
beach, glance at sunset and sunrise, photography
Ideal Duration: 1 
day
Popular Tourist Attractions: Marari Beach, Pathiramanal Island, 
Punnamada Lake
Best Time To Visit: February
Nearest Airport: Cochin 
Airport
Nearest Railway Station: Alappuzha

57. Krishnapuram 
Palace

Image Credit: Appusviews for Wikimedia Commons

Another 
interesting place to explore in Alleppey is Krishnapuram Palace. The 
palace was established in the 18th century in Kayamkulam by the rulers 
of the place and its magnificent structure stands still, foresaying 
the sagas of the bygone days.

Places To Stay: Vrindavan Heritage 
Homes, Ramada by Wyndham, Alleppey Holiday Beach Resort
Things To Do: 
Explore the palace, photograph, enjoy the surrounding nature
 Ideal 
Duration: 2-3 hours
Popular Tourist Attractions: Relaxed and serene 
ambiance of the site
Best Time To Visit: December 
Nearest Airport: 
Cochin Airport
Nearest Railway Station: Alappuzha

Further Read: 
Kerala In January

Are you ready to roll in the beauty of Kerala, now? 
If a trip to Kerala is all you’ve been waiting for, then we say it’s 
time! No matter where you go these top places to visit in Kerala will 
surely come in handy! Please share your experience and do let us know 
in the comments section below. We promise you’ll have the time of your 
life and will not be disappointed by everything that Kerala has to 
offer you.

For our editorial codes of conduct and copyright 
disclaimer, please click here.

Cover Image Source: 
Shutterstock

Frequently Asked Questions About The Best Places To 
Visit In Kerala

Which are some of the must-visit places in Kerala for 
couples?

It is a bit difficult to answer because you cannot choose 
one. The USP of Kerala is that you find different landscapes in one 
state. You have tea plantations in Munnar, the backwaters of Alleppey, 
and the beaches of Kovalam. It depends on you what kind of terrain you 
like the most that defines your most beautiful in Kerala. In short, 
there are plenty of must-visit places in Kerala for couples.

Which 
are the best hotels in Kerala?

Kerala is home to a plethora of 
amazing hotels like Old Harbour Hotel, The Leela, Brunton Boatyard, 
The Panoramic Gateway, Spice Tree Munnar, Chandy’s Windy Woods, and 
Fragrant Nature.

How many days should you spend in Kerala?

Well, it 
depends on you. If you want to explore all the landscapes in Kerala, 
then you need at least a week in Kerala. If you want to spend a few 
days at a single destination like Munnar or Kovalam, then 3-4 days are 
fine. The thing is that you need to travel by road for long hours from 
the airport be it Munnar, Alleppey or Kerala. So, you should take that 
time into account while planning your itinerary.

How much does it 
cost to visit Kerala?

Even if it is a 3-4 day trip, it will take more 
or less INR 25,000 per person that includes your flights, hotels, 
food, and everything. The cost of your budget will depend upon the 
type of accommodation you choose. Also, if you are covering all three 
destinations (Munnar, Kovalam, Alleppey), it will cost you 
more.

Which are the best shopping markets in Kerala?

If you are 
planning to head out for shopping in Kerala, then you must stop by the 
famous markets like Ernakulam Market, Connemara Market, Polakkandam 
Market and Pattalam Market.

People Also Read:

Places To Visit In 
Tenkasi Places To Visit In Coorg Places To Visit In Udupi

 PREVIOUS 
POST
NEXT POST 
Category: Kerala, Places To Visit
Follow Us On:
   


Mumbai Holiday Packages

9% Off

₹ 15714

₹ 14300

per 
person

Mumbai Package From Pune

4D & 3N

Mumbai
Pune
Shirdi

Upto 3 
Stars

Meals

Sightseeing

Stay Included

Transfers

Customize & Get 
Quotes

8% Off

₹ 8696

₹ 8000

per person

A Soul-detoxifying Trip to 
Trimbakeshwar

4D & 3N

Shirdi
Aurangabad
Bhimashankar
Mumbai

Upto 3 
Stars

Meals

Sightseeing

Stay Included

Transfers

Customize & Get 
Quotes

9% Off

₹ 10879

₹ 9900

per person

Alluring Mumbai Package 
For 2 Days

2D & 1N

Mumbai

Upto 4 Stars

Meals

Sightseeing

Stay 
Included

Transfers

Customize & Get Quotes

9% Off

₹ 11538

₹ 
10500

per person

Mumbai Sightseeing Tour Package

3D & 
2N

Mumbai

Upto 3 Stars

Meals

Sightseeing

Transfers

Stay 
Included

Customize & Get Quotes

8% Off

₹ 11413

₹ 10500

per 
person

Lonavala Tour Package From Kolkata

3D & 
2N

Lonavala
Mumbai

Upto 3 
Stars

Meals

Sightseeing

Transfers

Customize & Get Quotes

9% 
Off

₹ 11538

₹ 10500

per person

Mumbai Package From Bangalore

3D & 
2N

Mumbai

Upto 3 Stars

Meals

Sightseeing

Stay 
Included

Transfers

Customize & Get Quotes

6% Off

₹ 14362

₹ 
13500

per person

Popular Kolad Tour Packages

3D & 
2N

Kolad
Mumbai

Upto 3 Stars

Meals

Sightseeing

Stay 
Included

Transfers

Customize & Get Quotes

9% Off

₹ 15714

₹ 
14300

per person

Mumbai Tour Package For 3 nights 4 Days

4D & 
3N

Mumbai
Lonavala
Shirdi

Upto 3 
Stars

Meals

Sightseeing

Transfers

Stay Included

Customize & Get 
Quotes

9% Off

₹ 15714

₹ 14300

per person

Mumbai Package From 
Pune

4D & 3N

Mumbai
Pune
Shirdi

Upto 3 
Stars

Meals

Sightseeing

Stay Included

Transfers

Customize & Get 
Quotes

8% Off

₹ 8696

₹ 8000

per person

A Soul-detoxifying Trip to 
Trimbakeshwar

4D & 3N

Shirdi
Aurangabad
Bhimashankar
Mumbai

Upto 3 
Stars

Meals

Sightseeing

Stay Included

Transfers

Customize & Get 
Quotes
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Previous
Next
Recent Posts

Gopalswami Hills Of 
Karnataka Has The Serene Nature Views

Stay At Hotels Near Chengannur 
For A Comfortable Staycation

Devipattinam Navagraha Temple Is An 
Abode Of True Divinity

Trending Blogs

20 Mysterious Places In India 
To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle

10 Scariest 
Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare

101 Places To Visit In 
India Before You Turn 30 in 2024

Best Places To Visit In India By 
Month

Jan

 

Feb

 

Mar

 

Apr

 

May

 

Jun

 

Jul

 

Aug

 


Sep

 

Oct

 

Nov

 

Dec

Best Places To Visit Outside India By 
Month

Jan

 

Feb

 

Mar

 

Apr

 

May

 

Jun

 

Jul

 

Aug

 


Sep

 

Oct

 

Nov

 

Dec

TravelTriangle>Blog>India>Kerala»>57 
Best Places To Visit In Kerala For A Vacation To Remember
Packages By 
Theme
Domestic Tour Packages
Packages From Top Cities
Domestic Tourism 
Guide
Top Domestic Hotels
Our Story
About us
Team
We are hiring!
Get 
Inspired
Testimonials
Blog
Travelogues
Policies
Terms and 
Conditions
Privacy Policy
More
FAQs
Contact Us
RSS Feeds

Corporate 
Office

Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited

Address: Plot No - 52 
, 3rd Floor,

Batra House , Sector 32,

Gurugram 
-122001,Haryana

Landline: 1800 123 5555

  
1800 123 5555 

customercare@traveltriangle.com

All rights reserved © 2024

Attractions:


Popular Cities:


Tours:

