URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-mumbai/
Title: 33 Spectacular Places To Visit In Mumbai On Your Next Trip In 2024
Description: Here are some amazing places to visit in Mumbai that are interesting, popular and worth seeing at least once in a lifetime. Plan a trip today!
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        33 Spectacular Places To Visit In Mumbai On Your Next Trip In 2024

        ..
        SHARES

        20 Feb  2024

            Written by Tanishk Juneja 

Mumbai is colourful, vibrant and full of life. Nestled by the Arabian Sea, this heritage city has a lot of spectacular places, flocked by locals and tourists round the year. From happening beaches, marine drive to museums, amusement parks, and vintage structures; the city has everything that delights every avid wanderer. Moreover, the helpful and cordial attitude of the locals makes the city truly ‘aamchi Mumbai- close to the heart. If you are planning a Mumbai trip soon, take a quick peek at the recommended places to visit in Mumbai that no one should miss.
33 Famous Places To Visit In Mumbai
Read below the list of most famous places to visit in Mumbai and plan an itinerary. Enjoy ultimate fun and frolic and create the best holiday memories.

Gateway Of India
Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus
Elephanta Caves
Juhu Chowpatty
Marine Drive
Haji Ali Dargah
Shri Siddhivinayak Mandir
Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya
Chor Bazaar
Essel World
Prithvi Theatre
National Gallery Of Modern Art
Sanjay Gandhi National Park
Mumbai Zoo
Iskcon Temple
Girgaum Chowpatty
Bandra Worli Sea Link
Film City
Global Vipassana Pagoda
Mahalaxmi Temple 
Hanging Gardens
Mahakali Caves
Jehangir Art Gallery
Mount Mary Church
Madh Island
Colaba Causeway Market
Dharavi Slum
Aksa Beach
Versova Beach
 Powai Lake
Kanheri Caves
Gorai Beach
Shivaji Park

1. Gateway Of India

Image Source
Gateway Of India is the icon of Mumbai city and one of the most popular places to visit in Mumbai. Built in the year 1924, this grand monument was raised to celebrate the arrival of King George V’s and Queen Mary in India for the first time. However, this place also has a national significance as the British troops finally departed from here in 1947. Presently a centre of evening strolls, relaxation and weekend outings; Gateway of India receives thousands of tourists and locals every day. The view of the Arabian Sea and boat sailing across and the mesmerizing view of sunset make everyone come back here again and again.
Location: Apollo Bandar, Colaba, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400001, IndiaOpening hours: 24 hours openEntrance charge: Entry free
Suggested Read: 24 New Year Parties In Mumbai
2. Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus

Image Source
Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus is an important landmark of the city and the display of a blend of Victorian Gothic structure and Indian architecture has made it one of the must-see tourist places in Mumbai. Previously known as Victoria Terminus, this is the busiest and biggest railway station in Mumbai but its incredibly pretty structure has made it a sight to behold.
Location: Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus, Fort, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400001Opening hours: 24 hoursEntrance charge: No entry free
3.Elephanta Caves

Image Source
Accessible by ferries from Gateway of India, Elephanta Caves are one of the prime attractions of Mumbai. These are a series of rock cut caves, segregated into Buddhist and Hindu sections. The Hindu segment is dedicated to Lord Shiva. The beauty and intrinsic carvings leave everyone in awe and have aptly placed Elephanta caves as one of the World’s Heritage Sites by UNESCO and as one of the spectacular places to see in Mumbai. Reaching the caves is not a problem as there are regular ferry services every half an hour from the Gateway of India.
Location: Gharapuri, Maharashtra 400094, IndiaOpening hours: 9:30 am to 5: 30 pm. The first ferry leaves at 9 am and the last one leaves at 2 pm.Entrance charge: INR 40 for Indians, INR 600 for foreigners
Suggested Read: 20 Road Trips From Mumbai
4. Juhu Chowpatty

For a refreshing evening and blissful weekend, Juhu Chowpatty has no match. Probably, this is one of the best places to visit in Mumbai with friends to chill out and taste some authentic Mumbai delicacies. This is one of the most visited beaches in Mumbai where you can dip your feet in sea water, watch the sunset, relish pav bhaji, paani puri, and vada pav and create an awesome memory of an evening in Mumbai.
Location: Juhu Tara Rd, JVPD Scheme, Juhu, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400047Opening hours: 24 hoursEntrance charge: Entry free
5. Marine Drive

If we are talking about Juhu Chowpatty as one among the famous places in Mumbai, might as well include Marine Drive on the same list. Stretching from Nariman Point in the north to Chowpatty Beach in the south, Marine Drive is a spectacular arch-shaped road along the coast. The promenade of the Marine Drive is broad and clean, thus ideal for evening strolls, jogging and chilling out. After sunset, the view of the entire semi-circular Marine Drive sparkling with street lights looks dazzling. The stunning stretch of Marine Drive, popularly known as Queen’s Necklace is surely one of the top places to visit in Mumbai at night.
Location: Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose Road, South MumbaiOpening hours: 24 hoursEntrance charge: Entry free
Suggested Read: 8 Best Guest Houses In Mumbai
6. Haji Ali Dargah

Haji Ali Dargah is one of the holy places in Mumbai, ideal for peace seekers and those who are in search of solace. A beautiful tomb and a mosque, Haji Ali Dargah is one of the n famous places in Mumbai not only among Islam followers but among everyone. Built by Pir Haji Ali Shah Bukhari, in 1431, this place is situated between the sea and accessible through a walkway that runs on the sea. Along with prayers and religious rituals, this place often hosts amazing qawwali performances, that amuses every music lover.
Location: Dargah Rd, Haji Ali, Mumbai, MaharashtraOpening hours: 5:30 am to 10 pmEntrance charge: Free of cost
7. Shri Siddhivinayak Mandir

Situated in Prabhadevi, Siddhivinayak is a gorgeous temple dedicated to Lord Ganesha. Every year millions of devotees come here to offer prayers and worship the Lord, making it at par with the tourist places in Mumbai. During Ganesh Chaturthi festival in September, the temple overflows with devotees, visiting from all over India. The architecture and wooden carvings of the door and gold-plated inner ceiling look attractive and beautiful.
Location: SK Bole Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400028Opening hours: 6 am to 12 pm and 12: 30 pm to 9: 50 pm. The temple closes completely after 9: 50 pm and opens early in the morning the next day.Entrance charge: Entry free
Suggested Read: Top 10 Adventure Sports In Mumbai
8. Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya

Housing is one of the heritage buildings of the city. This museum was initiated by the Prince of Wales on 11th November 1905. Formerly known as Prince of Wales Museum, this place displays exclusive and stunning collections of ancient artwork, vintage sculptures, and artifacts. Traditional textiles, utensils, coins, and weapons are also displayed and the recent addition is a special gallery dedicated to Lord Krishna. This is one of the most prestigious museums of India displaying India’s traditions and heritage. If you are planning to see famous places in Mumbai, Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya should be on your list.
Location: 159-161, Mahatma Gandhi Road, Kala Ghoda, Fort, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400023Opening hours: 10:15 am to 6 pmEntrance charge: Starting INR 35 onwards
9. Chor Bazaar

Image Source
Renowned as one of the most buzzing flea markets of India, Chor Bazaar in Mumbai has a lovely charm. Originally it was known as ‘shor bazaar’ because of constant noise and clutter but due to mispronunciation by the British people, the market was colloquially called chor bazaar. Famed for classic antique and vintage items, furniture, rooms décor, and household staff; Chor Bazaar is a must include in the list of unique places to see in Mumbai.
Location: Grant Road, South Mumbai.Opening hours: 11 am to 7 pm, on all days except FridayEntrance charge: Entry free
Suggested Read: 42 Best Resorts Near Mumbai
10. Essel World

Image Source
Spread over 64 acres, Essel World is one of the most popular amusement parks in Mumbai. With exhilarating rides, water slides, merry go rounds, play pools, go-karting and roller coasters; Essen World looks like a wonderland and counted as one of the exciting places to visit in Mumbai for kids. Offering ultimate fun, thrill, and excitement; Essel World is the best weekend retreat to chill-out with family and friends.
Location: Essel world Amusement Park, Gorai, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400092Opening hours: 10 am to 6 pmEntrance charge: Starting INR 290 onwards
11. Prithvi Theatre

Image Source
Built by Shashi Kapoor and his wife Jennifer Kapoor in the loving memory of Prithwiraj Kapoor, Prithwi Theatre is a grand and vibrant theatre complex in Mumbai. Housing a book shop, a café, a theatre hall, and an amphitheater-style gallery to watch best of plays and acting, Prithwi Theatre allures travellers of all kinds. The Prithwi Theatre complex displays true reflections of India’s culture and traditions and the heritage, history, and glory associated with it makes it one of the unique places to visit in Mumbai.
Location: 20 Janki Kutir, Juhu Church Rd, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400049Opening hours: 1 pm to 9 pm, closed on MondaysEntrance charge: Depends on the show to be screened.
Suggested Read: 50 Super Amazing Things To Do In Mumbai
12. National Gallery Of Modern Art

The National Gallery of Modern Art is known for its diverse collection of art, sculptures, and architecture of various renowned artists all over the country. The place also displays various relics and items of ancient civilisations. One can visit this place to see these amazing collections or experience outstanding exhibitions., organised regularly.
Location: Sir Cowasji Jahangir Public Hall, Mahatma Gandhi Road, Fort, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400032Opening hours: 11 am to 6 pm (Tuesday to Friday), 11 am to 8 pm (Saturday & Sunday), closed on MondaysEntrance charge: INR 20 for Indians, INR 500 for foreigners
13. Sanjay Gandhi National Park

If you love thrills and adventure, a visit to Sanjay Gandhi National Park is a must. Spread over 87 sq km, this is the closest national park to Mumbai city, established in 1996. Featuring luxuriant forest land, lake, and wildlife; Sanjay Gandhi National Park has gained tremendous popularity amongst adventure lovers and has secured a place in the league of best places to visit in Mumbai with friends. Enjoy forest hikes, trekking, boating, tiger and lion safari and hike to Kanheri Caves located within the national park.
Location: Western Express Hwy, Borivali East, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400066Opening hours: 7:30 am to 6:30 pm, closed on MondaysEntrance charge: INR 31 for children, INR 58 for adults
Suggested Read: 11 Romantic Beach Restaurants In Mumbai
14. Mumbai Zoo

One of the most amazing places to visit in Mumbai for kids, Mumbai Zoo is originally known as Veer Mata Jijabai Bhosale Udyan And Zoo. Located in Rani Baug and spread over 50 acres of land, this is the oldest public garden in Mumbai and the host of wild animals, birds and reptiles have made it an exciting place to be. This is the only zoo in Mumbai and kids, as well as adults, feel exhilarated to visit and see lions, tigers, monkeys, crocodiles, elephants, and giraffes, etc.
Location: 91A, Lalbaug Flyover, Byculla East, Near Byculla Railway Station, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400027Opening hours: 9 am to 6 pm. The zoo is open on all days of the week except Wednesdays. Entrance charge: INR 25 for children, INR 100 for adults
15. Iskcon Temple

Sri Sri Radha Rasabihari ji Temple, popular as ISKCON temple, is one of the most popular and most beautiful Hindu temples in Mumbai. Located in the Chowpatty region, this temple was raised on 4 acres of land in 1978 and is dedicated to Lord Krishna and Radha. This is surely one of the most sought-after places to visit in Navi Mumbai, for peace and prayer. Millions of devotees visit this temple to worship and to meditate in absolute tranquillity.
Location: ISKCON®, Hare Krishna Land, Sri Mukteshwar Devalaya Rd, Marg, Sainath Nagar, MHADA Colony, Juhu, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400049Opening hours: All days of the week, 4:30 am to 1 pm and 4:15 pm to 9 pmEntrance charge: Entry free
Suggested Read: 27 Honeymoon Destinations Near Mumbai
16. Girgaum Chowpatty

Image Source
One of the top places to visit in Mumbai for couples, Girgaum Chowpatty should be on your itinerary while holidaying there. It is a little beach that is perfect to chill with friends or family. It offers scenic views and refreshing vibes that will definitely uplift your spirits. Walking on the cool sands will help you escape all the woes in life.
Location: Mumbai, MaharashtraOpening hours: 24 hours, 7 days a weekEntrance charge: No Entry fee
17. Bandra Worli Sea Link

Image Source
This sea link is one of the best places to see in Mumbai and that is because the bridge stands as the proof of mastery of the engineers of the city. Apart from that, it offers panoramic views of the coastal city. You will be able to witness the azure waters of the bay of Mahim through the bridge. Take your car through the bridge and keep your windows open to let the cool breeze come in and savour the views.
Location: Mahim Bay, Maharashtra 400030Opening hours: 24 hoursEntrance charge: INR 70 to INR 145 for single journey, depending on the vehicle type
Suggested Read: Nightlife In Mumbai
18. Film City

Image Source
You haven’t visited Mumbai if you haven’t visited the Film city. It is the home of bollywood and one of the most famous places to see in Mumbai. All the movies you watch do have at least one set made in the city. Almost 1000 movies have been shot here. If you did not get a chance to watch any shooting ever, then this is your chance to do it.
Location: Film City Rd, Film City Complex, Aarey Colony, Goregaon, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400065Opening hours: 1o am to 5 pm for tourist visitEntrance charge: Starting INR 599 onwards.
19. Global Vipassana Pagoda

Image Source
While in Mumbai, if you are looking for a peaceful place then this is the one. Global Vipassana Pagoda is a meditation hall where as many as 8000 devotees can meditate. The architecture of the hall is in itself unique and will grab your attention. The pagoda sits on the peninsula on the Arabian sea. Keep it on your itinerary so that you don’t miss out on such a nice place.
Location: Global Pagoda Road, near Esselworld Gorai, Borivali West, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400091Opening hours: 9 am to 7 pmEntrance charge: Entry free
Suggested Read: 50 Super Amazing Things To Do In Mumbai
20. Mahalaxmi Temple

Image Source
One of the oldest temples and the best places to visit in Mumbai with family is Mahalaxmi Temple. The temple is dedicated to the Goddess of Wealth. It is said that the temple was built somewhere around the 16th century which makes it a significant place to visit. The temple is visited by both the locals as well as tourists in a large number.
Location: Bhulabhai Desai Marg, Mahalaxmi West, Cumballa Hill, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400026Opening hours: 6 am to 10 pmEntrance charge: No entry fees
21. Hanging Gardens

Image Source
Hanging Gardens is one of the most interesting tourist places in Mumbai that must be on your itinerary. It is a garden located on the top of the hill. The garden offers picturesque views of the Arabian sea that will definitely leave you spellbound. In the garden, you will find lush greenery and hedges in the form of animals. The best part is that it is not only something where you can absorb beauty, but it also provides water to the people nearby. Apart from that, there is a flower clock as well in the garden which enhances its charm.
Location: Ridge Rd, Simla Nagar, Malabar Hill, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400006Opening hours: 5 am to 9 pmEntrance charge: No entry fees
Suggested Read: 15 Breathtaking Pre-Wedding Photoshoot Locations In Mumbai
22. Mahakali Caves

Image Source
One of the most interesting and mysterious tourist places in Mumbai are Mahakali Caves. It is said that they belong to very old times. They are situated in western region of Andheri. In the caves, you will find 18 rock cut structures that are really fascinating. These monuments were built between the first and sixth century. You will also come across statues of Buddha which are the main attractions of the caves.
Location: Mahakali Caves Rd, Sunder Nagar, Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400093Opening hours: 9 am to 6 pmEntrance charge: INR 20 for Indians, INR 300 for foreigners
23. Jehangir Art Gallery

Image Source
If you are eager to watch some artwork while in Mumbai, then you should head to Jehangir Art Gallery. Most of the famous artists display their artwork in this art gallery. The gallery was opened for the public in the year 1952. You will find the works of popular artists like MF Hussain in the museum.
Location: 161B, Mahatma Gandhi Road, Kala Ghoda, Fort, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400001Opening hours: 11 am to 7 pmEntrance charge: No entry fees
Suggested Read: 22 Monsoon Trekking Destinations Near Mumbai & Pune
24. Mount Mary Church

Image Source
One of the most religious places to visit there is Mount Mary Church. What makes it special to visit is the fact that it is situated at a hilltop. It gives you the advantage of witnessing the panoramic views of the Arabian sea from the church. It is a great place to sit peacefully and attain some tranquility. You can come here to escape the hustle and bustle of city life.
Location: Mt Mary Rd, near Shanti Avedna Sadan, Mount Mary, Bandra West, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400050Opening hours: 6 am to 8:30 pmEntrance charge: No entry fees
25. Madh Island

Image Source
You must have heard about Madh island in Mumbai. It is one of the most famous tourist places in Mumbai for those who are looking for fun with luxury. It is a beautiful island and home to quaint villages. It is perfect for a weekend getaway with family or friends. There are several resorts oozing out with luxury wherein you can plan a staycation to escape the humdrums of daily life.
Location: Madh island, Mumbai, MaharashtraOpening hours: 24 hoursEntrance charge: No entry fees
Suggested Read: 6 Adventure Sports In Kochi
26. Colaba Causeway Market

Image Credits: Wikimedia commons
If you are planning for the places to visit in Mumbai for 1 day, then you must go to Colaba Causeway Market at least once on your tour. Starting from cheap road garments to the vogue boutiques, Colaba Causeway has all the charms because of it and has become a popular tourist destination that will surely make your places to visit in South Mumbai worthy. 
Location: Colaba Causeway market is located at Bakery Ln, Army Area, Nofra, Navy Nagar, Colaba, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400005Opening hours: 6 am to 9 pmEntrance charge: Free entry
27. Dharavi Slum

Image Credits: Wikimedia commons
Dharavi is considered as one of the largest slums in Asia and one of the popular Mumbai tourist places that people love to experience on a trip to Mumbai. Mumbai tourist places include this spot because of the unique presence of home of all tea and vegetable vendors, all garment districts, NGOs and the schools and that makes this place spectacular.
Location: Dharavi MumbaiOpening hours: 24 hoursEntrance Charge: No 
Suggested Read: 20 Interesting Museums In Delhi
28. Aksa Beach

Image Credits: Wikimedia commons
Aksa Beach, one of the popular places in Mumbai is considered as a must-visit place and it throws the light on how one can escape from the bustling city life and plan for a short weekend trip. Whether you are planning a visit to offbeat places near Mumbai or you want to get mingled in the city crowd, this beach of  Mumbai will never disappoint the aspirants of travel.
Location: Aksa Village, Malad West, Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400095, IndiaOpening hours: 24 hoursEntrance charge:  No entry fees
29. Versova Beach

Image Credits: Wikipedia
It is a well-known beach in Mumbai with magnificent views. This Arabian sea facing beach creates a perfect moment for all the beach lovers and attracts tourists from around the corner of the world. The people who live here in this beach, is known as Kolis and the primary livelihood of these people is fishing. Tourists can consider this spot as the places to hangout in Mumbai with friends as a perfect stress buster. 
Location:  Bharat Nagar, Versova, Andheri West, Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400047, IndiaOpening hours: Always openEntrance charge: No entry fee
Suggested Read: 15 Temples In Odisha
30. Powai Lake

Image Credits: Wikimedia commons
Powai, an artificial lake situated in the Powai valley, has become a primary tourist attraction in the northern part of Mumbai. Located on the Salsette Island of Powai town, this lake is quiet and calm and known as a mitigating spot to get stunning natural views. Towards the eastern part of the lake, there is the famous Indian Institute of Technology, the IIT Mumbai. 
Location: Powai, Maharashtra, 400076, IndiaOpening hours: 24 hoursEntrance charge: No entry fee
31. Kanheri Caves

Image Credits: Wikimedia commons
Kanderi caves, nested inside the Sanjay Gandhi National Park catches the attention of a lot of travellers around the world who look for some isolated tourist destinations. The visitors of this cave can experience the amazing waterfalls which are situated very close to the cave. People, who want to explore different tourist places in summer and search for the places to visit in Mumbai in summer can visit this place for a short trip. 
Location: Sanjay Gandhi National Park, Borivali East, Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400066, IndiaOpening hours: 7:30 am to 5 pmEntrance charge: INR 15 for Indians, INR 200 for foreigners
Suggested Read: 12 Kinds Of Himachal Pradesh Cuisines
32. Gorai Beach

Image Credits: Wikimedia commons
There are a lot of popular places in Mumbai which you can explore and don’t want to miss any of these places. Gorai Beach is located in the north suburb and draws a lot of tourist’s attention because of its magnificent beauty.  Couples love to visit this beach because of its location which is quite near to a lot of the resorts in north Mumbai. Cleanliness at the shoreline is the unique attribute of this beach.
Location: Gorai RD, Maharashtra, 400092, IndiaOpening hours: 24 hoursEntrance charge: No fee required
33. Shivaji Park

Image Credits: Wikimedia commons
This is one of the most popular points of interest in Mumbai situated in Dadar. This park has the historical as well as cultural value of the social and political gatherings that were witnessed at the post and pre- freedom of the state Mumbai. With an open space of Over 112,937 square meters this park is such a beautiful place to be visited.
Location: The Shivaji Park is located at Dadar West, Dadar, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400028Opening hours: 7 am to 11 pmEntrance charge: Free
Further Read: Top 38 Weekend Getaways From Mumbai
Mumbai is a great city – the city of dreams. The vintage monuments, temples, museums and beaches enrich the list of places to visit in Mumbai and help one to decide which one to see first. So if you are planning a trip to Mumbai with Travel Triangle, make sure to customise an enthralling itinerary and visit a maximum number of places for fun and frolic.
For our editorial codes of conduct and copyright disclaimer, please click here. 
Cover Image Credit: Pixabay
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Mumbai

What is the best time to visit Mumbai?

						The best time to visit Mumbai is in between October to March. During this time the climate is not too hot or humid.                    

What are the popular malls of Mumbai?

						R City Mall, Oberoi Mall, Phoenix Market City, Inorbit Mall and Infinity Mall are some of the popular malls of Mumbai.                    

How many railway stations are there located in Mumbai?

						There are 5 railway stations in Mumbai, Dadar Terminus, Chhatrapati Shivaji Ternimus, Bandra Terminus, Lokmanya Tilak Terminus and Mumbai Central.                    

Name the popular cafes in Mumbai.

						The popular cafes in Mumbai are Kala Ghoda Café, Prithvi Café, Leaping Windows, The Homemade Café and Café Leopold.                    

What is Mumbai famous for?

						Mumbai is famous for Victorian buildings, vintage structures, amazing beaches, and marine drive and classic cafes and restaurants. The Hindi film industry of India is rooted there and it is one of the most economically prosperous cities of the country.                    

Name the places to visit in Mumbai with kids.

						The places to visit in Mumbai with kids are Essel World, Mumbai Zoo, Nehru Science Centre, Taraporewala Aquarium, Adlabs Imagica, Sanjay Gandhi National Park and Nehru Planetarium.                    

Which are the things to do in Mumbai for free?

						Taking a stroll in Marine Drive and Bandra Worli Sea Link, Gateway of India, Kanheri caves and Nariman Point and visiting Siddhivinayak Temple and Haji Ali Dargah are the things to do in Mumbai for free.                    

Which are the famous Mumbai delicacies?

						Famous Mumbai delicacies are Pav Bhaji, Vada Pav, Misel Pav, Bhelpuri, Sev Puri, Ragda Patty, and Paani puri.                    

Which are the popular markets in Mumbai for shopping?

						The popular markets in Mumbai for shopping are Colaba Causeway, Fashion Street, Chor Bazaar, Crawford Market, Linking Road, and Kala Ghoda Pavement Gallery.                    

Which are the famous Parsi food joints in Mumbai?

						The famous Parsi food joints in Mumbai are Britannia and Co, Military Café and Ideal Corner.                    

People Also Read:
Places To Visit In Nagpur Places To Visit In Panjim Places To Visit In Tenkasi

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Maharashtra, Mumbai, Places To Visit

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Visiting Museum Of Kerala History On Your 2024 Trip With Family And Friends     Poombarai Village View Point Like A Tranquil Escape In The Hills     The Entwined Serpents of Neak Poan In Angkor To Explore In 2024     Unveil The Secrets Of Eastern Mebon In 2024 Tour Which Is A Hidden Wonder of Cambodia     Visit The Tonle Bati To Explore The Heritage Of Cambodia In 2024     A Tropical Paradise Of Koh Rong Beach In Cambodia To Explore In 2024        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > India > Mumbai» > 33 Spectacular Places To Visit In Mumbai On Your Next Trip In 2024

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: Attraction: Gateway Of India

          Attraction: Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus

          Attraction: Elephanta Caves

          Attraction: Juhu Chowpatty

          Attraction: Marine Drive

          Attraction: Haji Ali Dargah

          Attraction: Shri Siddhivinayak Mandir

          Attraction: Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya

          Attraction: Chor Bazaar

          Attraction: Essel World

          Attraction: Prithvi Theatre

          Attraction: National Gallery Of Modern Art

          Attraction: Sanjay Gandhi National Park

          Attraction: Mumbai Zoo

          Attraction: Iskcon Temple

          Attraction: Girgaum Chowpatty

          Attraction: Bandra Worli Sea Link

          Attraction: Film City

          Attraction: Global Vipassana Pagoda

          Attraction: Mahalaxmi Temple

          Attraction: Hanging Gardens

          Attraction: Mahakali Caves

          Attraction: Jehangir Art Gallery

          Attraction: Mount Mary Church

          Attraction: Madh Island

          Attraction: Colaba Causeway Market

          Attraction: Dharavi Slum

          Attraction: Aksa Beach

          Attraction: Versova Beach

          Attraction: Powai Lake

          Attraction: Kanheri Caves

          Attraction: Gorai Beach

          Attraction: Shivaji Park