URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-mysore/
Title: 35 Best Places To Visit In Mysore In 2023 (Updated)
Description: These best places to visit in Mysore like Mysore Palace, Lalitha Mahal, and more are perfect to make the most of your weekend trip to this lovely city in 2023.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        35 Best Places To Visit In Mysore In 2024 For An Amazing Trip

        ..
        SHARES

        08 Feb  2023

            Written by Isha Chopra 

Sometimes while traveling, we encounter experiences as we go about exploring the places. Mysore is one such experience of sorts. The best places to visit in Mysore captivate with magnificence and royalty so sparkling that getting lost and finding yourself in the era of kings and palaces would be the only dream and desire on your mind. Famous attractions of this popular destination are Mysore paintings, Mysore Pak (sweet dish), Mysore silk (silk sarees), Mysore masala dosa, Mysore ink, and Mysore Dasara (festival of Dussehra). Each of these is a benchmark of specialty! These specialties, along with sightseeing spots in the city are the reason why Mysore is among the best weekend getaways from Bangalore.
35 Best Places To Visit In Mysore
If you’re still looking for the right destination for the coming weekend, this virtual tour of popular tourist places in Mysore is going to close it in just one read. Here is a list of places to visit in Mysore you should take a look at! Do not forget to carry your cameras along to capture the beauty of both architectural and natural marvels! The city is indeed a paradise for all kinds of travelers.
1. Mysore Palace 

Among the most popular places to visit in Mysore, Mysore Palace was once the residence of Wodeyar dynasty rulers who ruled Mysore for seven centuries. The palace is considered one of the largest in India with more than 2.7 million visitors every year. The brilliant architecture and intricate craftsmanship with which it is built make it an incredible masterpiece. The doorways and corridors make you travel through time to stories of the past. Visiting the palace is one of the most appealing things to do in Mysore, especially for all the history buffs out there. The palace consists of pavilions, large halls, and various shrines. During the most celebrated Dasara festival, the palace is richly decorated to display the culture and heritage of those times. In the evening time, when illuminated by 98000 light bulbs, it is a spectacular sight worth capturing in your mind forever.
Location: Sayyaji Rao Rd, Agrahara, Chamrajpura, Mysuru How To Reach: The nearest railway station is Mysore Junction which is 2 km Famous For: Indo-Saracenic architecture Timings: Every day from 10 am to 5.30 pm Entry Fee: INR 40 per person for adults and INR 20 per person for children Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4.5/5 Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
18 Gorgeous Waterfalls Near Mysore For Your Mini Break
2. Lalitha Mahal 

The second-largest palace of Mysore, Lalitha Mahal was initially built to serve as a guest house to the royal family’s guests. It is located at the foot of Chamundi Hills and also offers scintillating views of the hills around and is one of the beautiful places to visit in Mysore. The exquisite interiors of the palace adorned with Belgian crystal chandeliers and Persian carpets are spectacular. A part of the palace has now been converted to a heritage hotel and is being managed by India Tourism Development Corporation (ITDC). Do visit this palace to feel the royal ambiance.
Location: Lalitha Mahal Palace Road, Lalithmahal Nagar, Layout, Mysuru How To Reach: The best way to reach the Palace is through flight. The nearest airport is 15 km away Famous For: Second largest Palace in Mysore Timings: Every day from 10 am to 5.30 pm Entry Fee: INR 100 per person  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 3.5/5 Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
3. Jagmohan Palace 

One of the famous Mysore tourist places, Jaganmohan Palace was initially constructed to be used as a residence for the royal family but it was later on converted to an art gallery. The gallery houses many valuable artifacts and artworks from South India. The famous works of Indian artists such as Raja Ravi Verma’s oil paintings and S.G.Heldnkr’s “Lady with the Lamp” are also kept here. The antiques and some intricate masterpieces also feature at the art gallery.
Location: Deshika Rd, opp. City Bus Stand, Devaraja Mohalla, Chamrajpura, Mysuru How To Reach: The nearest airport is 11 km from this palace, you can take a cab from there to this Palace Famous For: exclusive art stuff Timings: Every day from 10 am to 5.30 pm Entry Fee: INR 20 per person for adults and INR 10 per person for children  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4/5 Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
Consider These 5 Best Resorts In Mysore If You’re Looking For That Perfect Weekend Retreat!
4. Karanji Lake 

Image SourceCapturing over 90 acres, the largest lake in Karnataka is among the most gorgeous tourist places in Mysore. Karanji Lake is situated at the base of Chamundi hills and qualifies as the best option for enjoying nature’s scenic views. Adding to it, the highlight of the lake is India’s largest walk-through aviary that houses more than 70 species of birds. Serving as a home to migratory birds, it is a picturesque spot for all the bird lovers and nature admirers and one of the must-visit tourist spots in Mysore.
How To Reach: The palace lies hardly 5 km away from the railway station Famous For: houses the largest walk-through aviary of India Timings: Wed-Mon 8:30 am to 5.30 pm, closed on Tuesday Entry Fee: INR 10 per person for adults and INR 05 per person for children  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4/5 Time Required: 2 to 3 hours
5. Melody World Wax Museum 

Image Source The third-largest art museum in India, Melody World is one of its kind. As the name suggests, the museum showcases a collection of over a hundred wax statues and over three hundred musical instruments. The instruments and bands are displayed here range from the stone age to the modern date showcasing different genres such as Jazz, Pop, Chinese, Tribal, Rock, Punjabi Bhangra, Hip Hop, etc. It is a tribute to famous music artists from all over the world. Also, it is one of the most famous Mysore sightseeing places & top tourist places in Mysore. Location: 1, Vihara Marga, Kurubara Halli, Siddhartha Layout, Mysuru
How To Reach: hardly 10 km away from the nearest railway station. You can take a cab from the railway station Famous For:  life-size statues playing musical instruments from all over the world Timings: Every day from 9:30 am to 7.00 pm Entry Fee: INR 30 per person  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 3.5/5 Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
6 Adventurous Road Trips From Mysore That You Can Challenge Yourself
6. Railway Museum 

Image Source The railway museum in Mysore is the second largest after the one in Delhi and it is certainly one of the best places to see in Mysore. The museum also puts on display the initial locomotives and steam engines. A mini-train takes the visitors on the ride through the premises of the museum. A section also displays the luxurious travels undertaken by royal dynasties of Mysore which consists of dining rooms, kitchen, and royal toilet. Kids love the place owing to the storehouse of interesting stuff around. Among all the best Mysore tourist places, this is the best attraction to visit with kids. If you are making a Mysore trip plan, don’t forget to include this destination. 
Location: KRS Rd, Opp. CFTRI, Medar Block, Yadavagiri, Mysuru How To Reach: 2 km from the metro, so can either take a cab or a battery rickshaw Famous For: Owns the largest collection of trains Timings: Tues-Sun from 10:00 am to 5.30 pm, closed on Monday Entry Fee: INR 15 per person for adults and INR 10 per person for children  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4/5 Time Required: 2 to 3 hours
7. St. Philomena Church 

Image Source Clearly, Mysore is all about grand architectures! Next on the list of best places to see in Mysore is St Philomena church, which is one of the largest Cathedrals in South Asia. Built-in Gothic style, the construction plan of the church has been laid very thoughtfully. The church’s basement has catacombs below the main altar. The floor plan is laid in the shape of the Holy Cross with Congregation Hall, Choir, and Transepts over its ends. The stained glass windows depict the paintings of famous events of Christ’s era. This is one of the most famous churches in Mysore you must plan your visit to.
Location: Lourdes Nagar, Ashoka Rd, Lashkar Mohalla, Mysuru How To Reach: Is 3km away from the local bus stand and 2km away from the Mysore Palace Famous For: height of 175m, is the second tallest churches in Asia Timings: Every day from 5:00 am to 6.00 pm  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4/5 Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
47 Best Places To Visit In Karnataka That Will Totally Knock You Out
8. Chamundi Hills And Chamundeshwari Temple 

Image Source Chamundi hills are located 13 km from Mysore and there lies a beautifully sculptured Chamundeshwari temple atop the hills. To reach the temple, a flight of 1000 steps needs to be taken. The architecture of the temple is unique and eye-catching with 7 tier gopuram and 7 golden Kalash at the top. Handcrafted with excellence, the temple is dedicated to Goddess Durga and depicts her with 8 hands (also known as Ashta Bhujas). A tour of the hills and the temple is perfect for a day of sightseeing in Mysore. This is one of the most famous places in Mysore for visiting with family. It is one of the most sought-after tourist places in the Mysore district. 
How To Reach: Just 13 km away from the major slopes Famous For: worship the Goddess Chamundi  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 5/5 Time Required: 2 hours
9. Sri Nandi Temple 

Image Source Adjacent to Chamundi hills, halfway while climbing up to the Chamundeshwari temple, lies the Nandi temple – one of the best must-visit tourist places in Mysore for religious tourists. In mythology, Nandi is depicted as a sacred bull and the friend of Lord Shiva. The 5 meters tall idol of Nandi is believed to be carved out of a single rock. There are many monkeys around the place, so one needs to be a bit careful about the belongings.
Location: Chamundi Hill Rd, Chamundi Hill, Mysuru How To Reach: Take a cab/ bus from the railway station which is about 12 km away Famous For: dedicated to Nandi, The mount of Lord Shiva  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4/5 Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
15 Best Hotels In Mysore That Offer A Royalty-Like Stay For Every Type Of Traveler
10. Brindavan Gardens 

Image Source Built across Krishnaraja Sagar Dam, Brindavan Gardens are located 23 km from Mysore. It is a famous spot for sightseeing near Mysore and a perfect space to spend a pleasant evening. The magical fountain show is the highlight, ornated with beautiful lights and cheerful music. Boat rides and fruit orchards serve as the icing on the cake.
Timings: Every day from 6:00 am to 8.00 pm. How To Reach: situated near the KRS dam which is 18 km from the city. You can take a cab/ bus to this place Famous For: sightseeing Entry Fee: INR 15 per person for adults and INR 05 per person for children  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 3.5/5 Time Required: 2 hours
11. Sri Chamarajendra Zoological Gardens 

Image Source Popularly known as the Mysore Zoo, Sri Chamarajendra Zoological Gardens was established in 1892. The zoo is among the top places to see in Mysore, especially with kids.  Today it expands over an area of 78 acres. Other than the animals found in our country, this zoo also has some exotic animals acquired from foreign zoos. If you are here for a long weekend, then the zoo is definitely one of the places to visit in Mysore in 3 days. Also, if you are visiting with kids, then this is one place that should be on your itinerary.
Location: Zoo Main Road, Indira Nagar, Ittige Gudu, Mysuru How To Reach: situated near the Mysore Palace, one can reach here by cab/ taxi Famous For: exotic animals Timings: 8:30 am to 5:30 pm (Tuesday closed) Entry fee: INR 60  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4.5/5 Time Required: 3 to 4 hours
40 Things To Do In Mysore Perfect For Experiencing The City
12. Planet X 

Image Source If you are wondering about places to visit in Mysore at night, then head to Planet X. This is a famous tourist attraction in Mysore, located at the foothills of Chamundi. It is an entertainment center visited by one and all. This amusement park is one of the top places to visit in Mysore in 2 days. One can enjoy go-karting, snooker, billiards, and many more games here.
Timings: 4 pm to 11 pm (Opens at 12 pm on Sundays) How To Reach: Situated near the Mysore Palace, one can reach this through cab easily Famous For: go-karting, billiards, and other activities Entry fee: Free  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4.5/5 Time Required: 2 to 3 hours
13. GRS Fantasy Park 

Image Source GRS Fantasy Park is an amusement and water park in Mysore. It is a great place to visit with family, especially kids. The fantasy park has a lot of rides for one to enjoy. There are family rides, rides for kids, and thrilling rides. The place is a complete package of fun and entertainment. If you are visiting Mysore in the summer, then this is one place that you should not miss. Add it to your itineraries now!
Location: Off, KRS Rd, Metagalli, Mysuru How To Reach: hardly 40 minutes from the Mysore Palace, can be reached by taxi Famous For: thrilling rides and adventurous activities Timings: 10:30 am to 6 pm Entry fee: INR 700  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4/5 Time Required: 3 to 4 hours
10 Most Romantic Restaurants In Mysore That Will Make Your Dream Date Extra Special
14. KRS Dam 

Your Mysore sightseeing isn’t complete without paying a visit to KRS Dam. Built over the river Kaveri, it is another interesting place to visit in Mysore. It takes around 30 minutes by car from the city to reach the dam and so it can easily be explored if you are looking for places to visit in Mysore in 1 day. The garden at the dam is lighted every evening and one can relax or stroll here. The musical fountain adds to the aesthetics of the place. For a one-day trip from Mysore, you can consider this. Timings: 10 am to 8 pm How To Reach: 30 minutes from the city, so can be reached through a cab Famous For: sightseeing Entry fee: INR 15  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4/5 Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
15. Shuka Vana 

Image Source If you want to make your Mysore sightseeing trip memorable, you must visit Shukla Van. The resplendent Shukla Van in Mysore is home to over 2000 birds, making it one of the best places to visit in Mysore for birdwatchers and nature lovers. The forest reserve has about 450 varied species of avifauna. The gorgeous 50-meter high aviary that covers an area of 1 acre presently has the record for the most number of bird species in an aviary in the Guinness Book of World Records. The park is also called Parrot Park and is a prestigious part of the Avadhoota Datta Peetham of Sri Ganapathi Sachidananda Ashram. Other than being a great spot for birdwatching, it also serves as a rehabilitation center for injured, orphaned, abused, and abandoned birds. Location: Avadhoota Datta Peetham, SGS Ashrama, Ooty Road, Datta Nagar, Mysuru How To Reach: 20-40 drive from Mysore city Famous For: birdwatching, sightseeing Timings: 9:30 AM – 5:30 PM Entry fee: Nil  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4.5/5 Time Required: 2 to 3 hours
54 Places To Visit In Ooty That Are Fun And Incredibly Spectacular
16. Trinesvaraswamy Temple 

Image Source This ancient temple in Mysore is situated right outside the Mysore Fort but is easily missed in the grandeur of the fort. The main deity worshipped here is Trinesvara, that is, the three-eyed Shiva. Though the gopura of this sanctum was destroyed in the late 18th century, the magnificence and splendor of this temple constructed in the Dravidian style of architecture are still as wonderful as it was ages ago. It’s one of the most beautiful places to visit in Mysore city for pilgrims and travelers.
Timings: Sunrise to sunset Entry fee: Nil How To Reach: 30-minute long drive from Mysore city, can reach here by bus/taxi easily Famous For: worship  the statue of three-eye Shiva  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4.5/5 Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
17. Chunchanakatte Falls 

Image Source It might surprise you to know that Mysore also has very few numbers of waterfalls that, though not very popular, are a true delight to the eyes and soul. The Chunchanakatte Falls located over the River Kaveri in the Chunchanakatte village of Mysore is one of them. Totally pristine and peaceful, this river falls off from a height of a whopping 20 meters divided as two separate waterfalls, before continuing as one single river at the base. Timings: Open all days of the week Entry fee: Nil How To Reach: 14 km drive from the main city, can reach by taxi Famous For: exotic waterfalls and bewitching views  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4/5 Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
5 Best Cottages In Mysore For An Amazing Countryside Experience
18. Bonsai Garden 

Image Source Still looking for the best places to see in Mysore? The Bonsai Gardens in Mysore are one of its most unique attractions that houses more than 100 varieties of the Bonsai trees that are laid out across this enormous estate. Serving as a part of the Avadoota Datta Peetham of the Sri Ganapathi Sachidananda Ashrama, this vast garden was initially a pet project of the keen Swamiji. The garden now has 450 miniature trees spread out over an area of 4 acres in this land that are filled with these unique dwarf trees. The splendor of the garden is emphasized by the small brook that flows through this garden, along with the statues of Buddha and sacred monkeys placed around the area that add a charm to the representation of the zen culture showcased here. The garden also has a lush green deer park that caters to wildlife seekers and nature lovers who visit. Don’t miss the Bonsai Conventions held here in the month of December. Timings: 9:30 AM – 5:30 PM Entry fee: INR 20 How To Reach: can reach through taxi as the place is 10 km away from the main city Famous For: diverse varieties of Bonsai trees and enormous plant species  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4.5/5 Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
19. Folklore Museum 

Image Source The Folklore Museum of Mysore is among the most famous Mysore tourist spots owing to the sea of information it provides on the rich culture and heritage of Mysore. It’s a part of the Mysore University and houses the most elaborate collections of traditional folk art, rare products and articles from Mysore history, and various other artifacts that provide an insight into the customs, traditions, art, and past of this city. A hit amongst all history geeks and culture vultures, it is one of the best museums in Karnataka and a great place to visit to witness some of the most sprawling depictions of Mysore’s folk art. This is one of the best tourist attractions in Mysore. Timings: 8:30 AM – 6 PM Entry fee: INR 15 (adults) | INR 5 (kids) How To Reach: 15-minute drive from the Mysore Palace Famous For: various artifacts, traditional stuff and authentic items  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4/5 Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
21 Hill Stations Near Mysore For Some Relaxed Vacays In Nature’s Lap
20. Devaraja Market 

Image Source One of the biggest markets in the city of Mysore, the Devaraja market is one of the best places for shopping in Mysore. It has been selling needful items for a long time. It is spread across 3 acres and offers almost 300 shops. From puja materials to flowers and vegetables, it has a lot in store. If you are a photographer, this place is heaven for you as it offers many photogenic spots to capture. Location: Devaraja Mohalla, Mandi Mohalla, Mysuru, Karnataka How To Reach: it’s right in the middle of the city, can reach here by taxi Famous For: Shop Mysore specialties Timings: 6.30 am to 9.30 pm  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4.5/5 Time Required: 2 to 3 hours
21. Shree Shvetha Varaha Swamy Temple 

Image Source One of the most famous temples in Mysore & must explore Mysore tourist places, close to the hearts of the locals, Varahaswamy temple will leave you enchanted. On its very doors, you will find beautiful carvings, intriguing enough to leave you wonderstruck and the whole complex of the temple will give you a joyful experience. Inside the temple, you can seek blessings and embrace the peaceful ambiance. Location: Near South Gate, Agrahara, Chamrajpura, Mysuru, Karnataka 570004, India How To Reach: by taxi, cab. A 20-minute drive from the city Famous For: beautiful sculptures and intriguing carvings  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4/5 Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
47 Best Places To Visit In Karnataka That Will Totally Knock You Out
22. Jaganmohan Palace Art Gallery & Auditorium 

Image Source Mysore is home to a number of palaces that hold a significant place in its history and stand as great tourist places. One of them is Jaganmohan palace which is very grand and royal. It is home to the Jaganmohan art gallery and auditorium where you will find artifacts that will tell you about its history and glory. More than 2000 paintings are available in the gallery and functions are also held there. Location: Deshika Rd, opp. City Bus Stand, Devaraja Mohalla, Chamrajpura, Mysuru, Karnataka 570024, India How To Reach: near the city bus stand, can reach the place by bus Famous For: art gallery  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4/5 Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
23. Regional Museum of Natural History Mysore 

Image Source This is the perfect place for a good start to the day. The museum was built in order to educate people about nature and also to motivate them to take care of it. The museum is home to several exhibitions as well as a garden. It is a good place for nature lovers and those visiting Mysore with kids. In the garden, you will find local trees and much more.
Location: T.N.Pura Road, Opposite Nandini Milk Dairy, Siddhartha Nagar, Mysuru, Karnataka 570011, India How To Reach: can reach easily via bus, close to the bus stand Famous For: exhibitions Timings: 10.00 am to 6.00 pm (Monday closed)  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4/5 Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
8 Best Temples In Mysore To Explore The Heritage & Grandeur
24. Kukkarahalli Lake 

Image Source One of the most beautiful lakes in the city, Kukkarahalli lake is spread in the form of a J and offers picturesque views. If you are looking for peace and serenity while in Mysore, then visit the lake. At the lake, you will also get the chance to witness some birds and enjoy the majestic views of Chamundi hills that served as an inspiration to a great many poets. Location: Kukkarahalli lake, Saraswathipuram, Mysore, Karnataka, 570011, India How To Reach: 30-minute drive from the city Famous For: sightseeing Timings: 6am – 6pm  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4/5 Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
25. Freedom Fighter’s Park 

Image Source Dedicated to the fighters who fought for the independence of our country from the control of the British, the park offers an exceptionally joyous experience. It is a huge park and offers lush greenery. There is a statue of Mahatma Gandhi in the park. If you are visiting Mysore with your family, then you must visit Freedom fighter’s park. Location: Chamaraja Double Road, Subbarayanakere, Chamrajpura, Mysuru, Karnataka 570004, India How To Reach: 40 minutes from the city Famous For: relaxing & exploring the history of freedom fighters Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
Karnataka Cuisine: 22 Popular Karnataka Dishes For A Flavorful Culinary Journey
26. Sanjeevini Park 

Image Source This is one of the best parks in the city that offers an escape from the hustle and bustle of day-to-day life. It is popular amongst locals as well as tourists for its green surroundings and huge complex. There is a large statue of Laughing Buddha in the park that you won’t find anywhere else. The park also has a lot of swings and joy rides to keep children entertained. Location: 40, Near, Kamakshi Hospital Rd, Kuvempunagar North, Kuvempu Nagara, Mysuru, Karnataka 570023, India How To Reach: can reach by taxi, 20-30 minutes from the nearest railway station Famous For: relaxing & enjoying the evening Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
27. Chamarajendra Academy Of Visual Arts
 Chamarajendra Academy of Visual Arts is one of the most spectacular places to visit in Mysore. The highlight here is the Mysore Artisan Walk which provides an opportunity for art lovers to meet a number of artisans and learn from them about the various aspects of creating visual arts. The academy is dedicated to various forms of visual art such as applied arts, drawings, paintings, photojournalism, and the history of art. Location: Indian Text Book Press campus, Siddarthanagara, Mysuru, Karnataka Timings: 10:30 AM to 5:30 PM, closed on Sunday How To Reach: 30 minutes by car from the railway station Famous For: art, sculptures, paintings  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4/5 Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
9 Guest Houses In Mysore That’ll Certainly Surprise You With Their Comfort Facilities
28. Government Silk Factory 
 One of the most famous kinds of silks in India, Mysore silk is made in the city of palaces. Mysore is known for its silk all across the world and that definitely makes a visit to the Government silk factory important. Make a tour of the factory to learn about the making of various kinds of silk products. Also, you can shop for several silk products. Location: Bettadpura, Mysuru, Karnataka 57000 Timings: 10 am–6:30 pm Time Required: 1 to 2 hours How To Reach: can reach by cab in 20 minutes from the main city Famous For: silk products
29. Lingambudhi Lake 
 Lingambudhi Lake is among the most peaceful lakes in Mysore city. Rich in biodiversity, the surrounding of the lake is a great place to enjoy the calmness. Several bird species including those from Eastern Europe and Central Asia are the main attraction here. You can as well spot Pied Avocet, Brown-headed Gull, Verditer Flycatcher, and Common Teal if you get lucky. Being a favorite spot for nature lovers in the city, it is a must-visit place if you are looking for an escape from the hustle-bustle of the city. Location: Srirampura, 8 Km from Mysore, Mysore, Karnataka, 570008, India Timings: 6:00 AM to 6:00 PM How To Reach: can reach by taxi it is a 40-minute drive from the city Famous For: see various bird species here  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4/5 Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
15 Top Hill Stations In Karnataka To Rejuvenate Yourself
30. St. Philomena’s Cathedral 

Image Source Standing tall for almost 200 years now, St. Philomena’s Cathedral is one of the holiest Mysore places to visit. This Cathedral is one of the most significant and popular Cathedrals amidst all the other places of worship covering the floors of not only Mysore but the entire state of Karnataka. Once a small church, this Cathedral was reconstructed by Maharaja Krishnaraja Wodeyar. This Cathedral is one of the beautiful tourist places to witness the architecture and designs of Mysore. St. Philomena’s Cathedral also happens to be among the largest Cathedrals in the entire South of Asia. Location: Lourdes Nagar, Ashoka Road, Lashkar Mohalla, Mysuru, Karnataka 570001 Timings: 5:00 AM to 6:00 PM  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4/5 How To Reach: 35 minutes from the railway station Famous For: amazing architecture Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
31. Government Sandalwood Oil Factory 

Image Source One of the famous things about Mysore is their Sandalwood. And what can be better than visiting the factory of that one thing that the place is known for? The Government Sandalwood Oil Factory is one of the most exciting Mysore places to visit that exhibits various techniques of how Sandalwood products are made. One can stroll around the factory, shop for the world-famous Mysore Sandal products, witness the procedures and techniques of productions which gives travelers a chance to learn as well as enjoy. Location: KuvempuNagar 2nd Stage, Ashokapuram, Mysuru, Karnataka 570008 Timings: 9:30 am – 1 pm, 2 pm – 5:30 pm Entry fee: NIL  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 3.5/5 How To Reach: can reach here via cab, taxi or bus Famous For: various techniques of making sandalwood products Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
15 Best Beaches Near Mysore One Must Visit Chill And Relax Under The Sun
32. Dr. Ambedkar’s Park 

Image Source If getting closer to nature is your idea of a day outing, then Dr. Ambedkar’s Park would surely land in your favorite Mysore visiting places. This Park is one of the lesser-known but mind-blowing places to go, especially with the family. For those who wish to get away from the bustling of the city culture and embrace solitude, this park has plenty to offer. The lush greens and refreshing aura of this destination make it a perfect picnic spot for families and children to spend some quality time together. Location: 7th Cross Road, Krishnamurthy Puram, Mysuru, Karnataka 570008, India  Reviews | TripAdvisor Ratings: 4/5 How To Reach: cab/ bus, hardly 35 km away from Mysore Palace Famous For: refreshing picnic space Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
33. Javaregowda Park 

Image Source Another one of the rejuvenating Mysore visiting places is Javaregowda Park. This Park boasts an extensive number of fun rides and swings that appeal to the little ones and sometimes those adults who are always seeking to embrace their inner child. Be it a fitness enthusiast, a nature admirer, or a family traveling to the southern part of the country, this park has ample green spaces to meet the expectations of every traveler. The park also blankets paved paths that are perfect for a morning jog or walk. There is a gymnasium facility that has recently been offered to the public. Location: 179, 11th Main Road, Saraswathipuram, Mysuru, Karnataka 570009, India Timings: 5:00 AM to 10:00 PM How To Reach: can reach here via cab, the bus as it is 30 minutes away from the nearest railway station Famous For: fun rides & relaxing space Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
Mysore Honeymoon: A Handy Guide To Romance Amidst Historical Monuments
34. Cheluvamba Mansion 

Image Source Built in the year 1910-11 by Maharaja Krishnaraja Wodeyar IV for his third daughter, Princess Cheluvajammanni, Cheluvamba Mansion is spread over a massive area that is surrounded by lush green gardens in every corner. Each room in this mansion is built stupendously and each blankets some of the most eye-pleasing carvings. This Mansion is now a research institute for the Central Food Technological Research Institute. It is indeed one of the best tourist places in Mysore. How To Reach: can reach here via cab, it is 30-40 minute drive from the city Famous For: lush green gardens Location: Cheluvamba Mansion, Mysuru, Karnataka 570028 Timings: 10:00 A.M to 06:00 P.M Time Required: 1 to 2 hours
35. Ranganathittu Bird Sanctuary 

Image Credit: Radhika Kochhar for Wikimedia Ranganathittu Bird Sanctuary is located 17 km from Mysore and is one of the most famous places to visit in Mysore. It is the largest bird sanctuary in Mysore and is home to some of the colorful species of birds like Painted Stork, Common Spoonbill, Asian Openbill Stork, and more. Apart from that, the destination also offers tourists to enjoy bird watching, nature photography, and boating. The sanctuary is a perfect place to relax on your vacation with your family and friends. Location: Ranganathittu Road, District Mandya, Srirangapatna, Karnataka 571438 Timings: 8:30 am–5:30 pm Entry fee: Adults INR 50, Children: INR 25 How To Reach: 17 km from Mysore, can be reached via cab/bus Famous For: explore the various species of birds Time Required: 2 to 3 hours
20 Fascinating Bird Sanctuaries In India That All Bird Lovers Must Visit
Best Time To Visit Mysore
 Image Credit – Mkbharti for Wikimedia Though Mysore has a tropical climate, the best time to visit is the winter months from October to February. The weather during this time is pleasant and sometimes there happens to be a drop in temperature when you can expect occasional showers. During the monsoon, there is a rise in humidity level while summers are less ideal for sightseeing activity. Thus, it can be concluded that the best time to visit Mysore depends on factors including your purpose of visit, weather conditions, and activities you wish to indulge in.
Further Read: An Off The Charts Honeymoon To Bangalore, Mysore, And Coorg
The above list of best places to visit in Mysore is a mix of attractions suitable for people with varying interests. For a perfect day out, pick the ones that interest you the most. Plan a trip soon with your family or friends. You can even consider traveling solo!
For our editorial codes of conduct and copyright disclaimer, please click here. 
Frequently Asked Questions About Best Places To Visit In Mysore

What are the Mysore tourist places to visit for couples?

						Some of the tourist places popular among couples are the Mysore Palace, Jaganmohan Palace, Chamundeshwari Palace, Brindavan Gardens, Shivanasamudra Waterfalls, GRS Fantasy Park, and the Mysore Zoo.                    

What are the top sightseeing places in Mysore?

						The Mysore Palace, Karanji Lake, Chamundi Hills, Mysore Zoo, Brindavan Gardens, Shivanasamudra Falls, Melukote, and St.Philomena’s Church are some of the top sightseeing places in Mysore.                    

Is it safe to visit Mysore during covid times?

						The Government of Karnataka prioritizes public health, hence, have issued some safety guidelines such as social distancing, using face masks, applying hand sanitizers, and washing hands frequently, which must be adhered to by all visitors. Tickets should be booked online for contactless entry. Also, in some places for accommodation, visitors should provide their vaccination details for both doses for a hassle-free stay.                    

What are the top activities in Mysore?

						Rafting, Kayaking and Jet Skiing in Varuna Lake, Jeep Safari in Nagarhole National Park, Trekking and Mountain Camping in Chamundi Hills,etc. are some of the top adventurous activities to explore Mysore to the fullest.                    

Which are the places to visit in Mysore?

						Mysore is a city with historically and culturally significant tourist sites. The city also has many temples and parks. Some of the best places to visit in Mysore include the Mysore Palace, the Somanathapura Temple, the Brindavan Gardens, the Folklore Museum, and the Mysore Zoo.                    

What is there to do in Mysore at night?

						Some of the best things to do in Mysore at night include visiting the illuminated Mysore Palace at night, watching the musical fountain at Brindavan Gardens, trekking at night through Savandurga hills, going for an organized night-walk, hit one of the clubs or bars in Mysore, or spend the night at the Kabini River Lodge                    

How can I visit Mysore in one day?

						If you are visiting Mysore just for one day, there are some places that you must consider to include in your itinerary such as, the Mysore Palace, the Lalitha Mahal Palace, the Brindavan Gardens, the Folklore Museum, and the Karanji Lake. All these places could be explored in a day’s time without rushing.                    

How many days do you need in Mysore?

						Well planned 2 days are sufficient to explore the major tourist attractions in Mysore such as visiting famous palaces, going for shopping, and trying out spicy cuisines.                    

What is famous in Mysore to buy?

						Some of the most famous things to buy from Mysore are Mysore Pak, Sandalwood items, Incense Sticks, Silk sarees, Khadi products, Coffee, Mysore Paintings and much more.                    

What is the best time and season to visit Mysore?

						The best time to visit Mysore is during the monsoon and winters, since the weather is pleasant during this time. Summer months are not preferred as they are not considered ideal for sightseeing and traveling.                    

Which are the places to visit near Mysore?

						Some of the popular tourist places to visit near Mysore for an extended vacation are Coorg, Ooty, BR Hills, and Muthanga Wildlife Sanctuary. You can visit all these places during the last day of your Mysore tour.                    

People Also Read:
Places To Visit In Coorg Places To Visit In Nainital Places To Visit In Haldwani

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Destinations, Mysore, Places To Visit, topical

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Exploring The Spiritual And Cultural Significance Of Prayagraj Sangam Tat     A Trip To Kafni Glacier Trek Offers A Haven In Adrenaline Junkies     Explore The Travellers Paradise Of Saracen Bay Beach On Your Cambodia Tour 2024     Explore The Lohaghat In Uttarakhand To Witness The Scenic Beauty     Visit The Phimeanakas Temple In Cambodia For A Blissful Trip In 2024     Discover Beau Vallon In Seychelles For The Perfect Vacation        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > India > Karnataka»Mysore» > 35 Best Places To Visit In Mysore In 2024 For An Amazing Trip

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found