URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-pune/
Title: 8 Best Places To Visit In Pune In June On Your 2023 Vacay!
Description: Here is a list of the most famous places to visit in Pune in June that you ought to explore on your vacation in 2023 with your family or friends. Read on!
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        8 Fabulous Places To Visit In Pune In June For A Tranquil Vacay In 2024!

        ..
        SHARES

        04 Apr  2023

            Written by Seema Gurnani 

If you are living in a city where you work around the clock, there should be places which will help you to take some time off from your busy schedule. Enjoying the serene nature and different places will make you shed off all the stress. Maintaining a work-life balance is mandatory at this time where everybody wants to achieve success. Materialistic success or things don’t always provide peace. Peace can be attained by roaming to different places. It is just a way to attain mental peace. If you are out and about in Pune and wondering what all to explore then read on! To serve your excited soul let’s delve into some of the exquisite places to visit in Pune in June!
8 Best Places To Visit In Pune In June
Below mentioned are some of the best which provide you much entertainment and peace of mind. Getting a keen idea about the attributes of these places can fulfill your desire to shed off all the wears and tears of your mind. Take a look!
1. Khadakwasla Dam2. Parvati Hill3. Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park4. Pataleshwar5. Shaniwarwada6. Aga Khan Palace7. Raja Dinkar Kelkar Museum8. Sinhagad Fort
1. Khadakwasla Dam

Image Source
This is the most prominent vacation destination in Pune. Khadakwasla Dam is an incredible sight to watch. This is being constructed by the best in class workers. The dam is built on Waterway Mutha. It is the wellspring of water supply in Pune and its rural areas. It has a lake which is called Khadakwasla Lake which is an ideal spot for a wonderful escape. This dam is situated around 22,000 square kilometers. The dam region and runs 35 meters down. It takes after a massive surge of water streaming easily down the dam. The dam is filled with nature sweethearts and you can experience fans for lovely ends of the week and excursions. It is the most highlighted spot for photography to catch the serene clarity of nature. You can watch birds close to the place.
Where: Khadakwasla Village, Pune, Maharashtra, IndiaTimings: Daytime is preferableEntry Fees: No entry fee
Must Read: 12 Thrilling Adventure Sports In Pune And Around

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Parvati Hill

Image Source
If you are a fanatic of high altitude and also want to be in the lap of God, then this place is a good vantage point for enjoying the scenic beauty of the city. There a steep climb which makes it very adventurous to climb. There are numerous smaller temples available here that are dedicated to the different god Ganesh, Bhavani and other gods. This is more of a place that provides serenity as well as a sense of gratitude towards the almighty and our heritage. The mythological touch of this place provides serenity at its peak. Just opt for this place and find your soul here.
Where: Parvati Hill Temples, Parvati Hill, Pune, Maharashtra, 411009, IndiaTimings: 4:30 AM – 9:00 PMEntry Fees: no entry fee
Suggested Read: 27 Fun Places In Pune And Around That Will Take Your Spirits Up High
3. Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park

Image Source
This zoological park is a popular tourist place. You can also get different recreational attractions from this spot in Pune. This place is spread over an area of 130 acres. It is quite a large zoo. If you want to have an outing with your family, then this is the ideal spot for that. You can also get to learn about different animals while spending quality time with your near and dear ones.
Where: Pune-Satara Road, Katraj, opp. Katraj Dairy, Pune, Maharashtra 411046Timings: 9:30 AM to 5 PMEntry Fees: adult- INR 40, child- INR 10
Suggested Read: 35 Romantic Places In Pune And Around To Visit With Your Partner
4. Pataleshwar

Image Source
This cave is a cut out of a single stone. This enchanting solid discovery is found right in the core of the city and is adored as a Hindu holy place. It is very popular among many enthusiasts and travelers regularly. In addition to that, the sanctuary has an abundant design with exquisite carvings on the dividers and smaller than usual works of art. Other than Lord Shiva, the cave is likewise committed to Nandi and has icons of other Hindu divine beings and goddesses. This sanctuary has no real passageway; the main significant passage is by a banyan tree in the yard. If you want to add some of the adventures while visiting different places of Pune then this provides a very ideal place to opt for.
Where: Jangali Maharaj Rd, Revenue Colony, Shivajinagar, Pune, Maharashtra 411005Timings: 8:30 AM – 5:30Entry Fees: No Entry Fee
Suggested Read: 22 Monsoon Trekking Destinations Near Mumbai & Pune You Must Plan
5. Shaniwarwada

Image Source
Shaniwarwada in Pune is more of a royal residence. This old house provides the vivid past filled with 287 years and was the seat of the Peshwas, who were the PMs to the Maratha rulers. If you are looking forward to gaining and grasping some of the strong holdings of our historic heritage, then this is the spot that provides them all.
This is one of the best compositional inheritances and a prime vacation destination in the city of Pune. If by any chance you are a history buff or appreciate workmanship and design, then this place is the ideal spot. The historic inheritance of Marathas provides unique importance to this place. The Maratha culture is dedicatedly enumerated all the historic struggles.
Where: Shaniwar Peth, Pune, Maharashtra 411030Timings: 8:00 am to 6:30 pm every dayEntry Fees: INR 5 for Indians INR125 for foreigners
Suggested Read: Shopping In Pune: 13 Places For All Travelers!

Planning your holiday but confused about where to go? These travel stories help you find your best trip ever!

Nikhil Recites A Tale Of 11 Friends Who Went From Bengaluru To Ladakh
Bengaluru - Delhi - Leh - Ladakh - Leh - Delhi - Amristsar - Chandigarh - Bengaluru
Read More

Pranav Took A Solo Trip To Andaman & It Was Truly Wonderful
A backpacker's guide to the predominant Honeymoon destination!
Read More

Shivani Talks Of Her Trip To Mcleodganj & Dalhousie With Her Husband And Friends
Sunset views. Monasteries. Bhagsunath falls. And amazing street food.
Read More

Kanika Proves That Traveling With An Infant To Kerala Is Totally Safe & Wonderful
Beaches, Backwaters, Spas, & More. Take me there now, please!
Read More

Here's Why Aakanksha's Trip To Manali Changed Her Idea About Group Tours
Ideal long weekend getaway from Delhi! Isn't it?
Read More

Isha Elaborates On How She Went Solo To Kasol & Returned With Lots Of Friends
And tales of her exciting Kheerganga & Chalal trek...
Read More

Prasham's Account Of A Goa Tour Proves That Goa Is More Than A Party Destination
Adventure, sightseeing, laid-back beach tours, and it doesn't stop there!
Read More

Bhavya Gives An Extensive Account Of His Jaisalmer Trip With Friends
Desert safari, haunted Kuldhara village, & Gadisar Lake. There's more...
Read More

Ashish Tells Why Kashmir Turned Out To Be A Winter Wonderland For His Family
For Gondolas, Shikaras, and plenty of snow!
Read More

Arunav Can't Stop Praising His Adventurous Trip To Sikkim & Darjeeling With Friends
For adventure in Air, on Land, and in Water!
Read More

Avneet Describes Her Trip To Spiti With A Group Of Strangers That Became Friends
Sightseeing. Monasteries. Trekking. And beauty all along
Read More

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

6. Aga Khan Palace

Image Source
The fabulous Aga Khan Royal residence is set in a tranquil lush 6.5-hectare plot. It is built in the 18th century by Sultan Aga Khan III. This has been the principal royal residence. It currently constitutes the Gandhi quit India movement collectibles. This has also a room where Mahatma used to live for a brief period. Photographs and compositions show minute details of his phenomenal life. Both Kasturba Gandhi, the Mahatma’s significant other lived here for an elaborative time. If you are more of a follower of Gandhi and want to grasp the different aspects on which Gandhi tried to live then this is the preferable place to opt for. You’ll discover their places of worship in a peaceful nursery to the back.
Where: Pune Nagar Rd, Kalyani NagarTimings: 9am-5.30pmEntry Fees: Indian-25 foreigner- 300
Suggested Read: 25 Beautiful Beaches Near Pune For A Perfect Weekend Escape!
7. Raja Dinkar Kelkar Museum

Image Source
Raja Dinkar Kelkar Museum is abode to the limited collection of Dr. D.G. Kelkar (1896 – 1990). He is also known as ‘Kaka’. Dr. Kelkar had committed his collections to the memory of his lone child ‘Raja’ who passed away prematurely. It is a collection that is around 22,000 collectibles which reflect the regular day to day existence of India. A declaration to man’s imaginative soul. The Gallery contains collectibles such as antiquities, which incorporates relics like Lights, Palanquins, Cut Woodwork, Tin product, Stones, Hookahs, Locks, Spittoons, Instruments, Scaled down Artistic creations, Glass Canvases, lime holders, Unpredictably Cut Wooden Entryways and Windows, Old Residences, Nut-cutters, Puppets, Bronzes, arms and armors, ivory, kitchen utensils, material and so on. If you want to take a look at antique collectibles, then this is an ideal spot.
Where: No. 1377/78, Kamal Kunj, Bajirao Rd, Natu Baag, Shukrawar Peth, Pune, Maharashtra 411002Timings: 10AM- 5:30PMEntry Fees: INR20–250
Suggested Read: 7 Guest Houses In Pune: Enjoy Hospitality And Comforts In A Budget
8. Sinhagad Fort

Image Source
Sinhagad is also known as Kondana which is a pride possession of the southwestern locals of Pune. This post was the one to help Maharashtra during the old fights. If you are a fan of history and want to know something about our culture then do visit this fort. The fort has a height of around 1312 m above sea level. Sinhagad has got its very own very quick inclines to shield it from all sides. It will provide you some quite adventurous experiences. The sight of those inclines is surreal. You can get a feeling of proudness after visiting this place as this is related to our culture from the historic period. Opting this place for an outing can provide you a good time as well as help you to increase your thirst to know about history.
Where: Sinhagad Ghat Road, Thoptewadi, Maharashtra 411025Timings: 5 AM – 6 PMEntry Fees: Free of cost
Further Read: 10 Road Trips Near Pune One Must Take For A Fun Travel Experience
Pune is amongst one of those cities where you can pay a visit even in the scorching month of June due to its moderate climate. Though there are many known and hidden places in the city, this list of places to visit in Pune in June is the justified one with all the major attractions that you shouldn’t miss. Also, the fact that there are many hills surround the city, Pune is one of the most sought places to visit in the summer season. So, plan your Pune vacation and leave right away!
Disclaimer: TravelTriangle claims no credit for images featured on our blog site unless otherwise noted. All visual content is copyrighted to its respectful owners. We try to link back to original sources whenever possible. If you own the rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear on TravelTriangle, please contact us and they will be promptly removed. We believe in providing proper attribution to the original author, artist or photographer.
Please Note: Any information published by TravelTriangle in any form of content is not intended to be a substitute for any kind of medical advice, and one must not take any action before consulting a professional medical expert of their own choice.
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Pune In June

Which is the most interesting place to visit in Pune during June?

						Shaniwar Wada is the most interesting place to visit in Pune during June. The historic importance of this place holds a very special place.                    

Which is the best place for a family outing in Pune during June?

						You can opt for a different place situated in Pune with your family. Some of them are forts and museums which are great to watch with family.                    

Is there anything specific that we should take care of while sightseeing in Pune?

						There is no such specific concern which should be taken care of while sightseeing. You should just acquire knowledge about the places.                    

What are the different transportation options in Pune?

						You can also opt for different transportation options Pune. There is numerous local transport such as bus, auto-rickshaw. You can also opt for rentals for going anywhere.                    

Which is the most budgetary place to visit in Pune during June?

						Sinhagad Fort is the most budgetary place to visit in Pune during June. The entry fee of the fort is also nominal.                    

How is the climatic condition of Pune in June?

						The climatic condition of Pune in June is always sunny. You can get a different experience of the weather in Pune.                    

Can we get a travel guide who makes us visit different places in Pune?

						Yes, you can get a travel guide who can provide all the information about the different excellent places in Pune.                    

What is the key takeaway from the places situated in Pune?

						You can experience the historical heritage of the forts situated in Pune. You can also get a serene experience of the different temples.                    

Looking To Book An International Holiday?

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read:
 Places To Visit In Kashmir In June   Places To Visit In India In June 

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: June, Places To Visit, Pune

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Visiting Museum Of Kerala History On Your 2024 Trip With Family And Friends     Poombarai Village View Point Like A Tranquil Escape In The Hills     The Entwined Serpents of Neak Poan In Angkor To Explore In 2024     Unveil The Secrets Of Eastern Mebon In 2024 Tour Which Is A Hidden Wonder of Cambodia     Visit The Tonle Bati To Explore The Heritage Of Cambodia In 2024     A Tropical Paradise Of Koh Rong Beach In Cambodia To Explore In 2024        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > India > Pune» > 8 Fabulous Places To Visit In Pune In June For A Tranquil Vacay In 2024!

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found