URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-arizona/
Title: 10 Best Places To Visit In Arizona To Make Your Trip A Fantastic One!
Description: If you are an avid explorer and want to witness the best of iconic spots, then these marvelous places to visit in Arizona are just for you.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        Top 10 Places To Visit In Arizona For An Action-Packed Vacay

        ..
        SHARES

        20 Aug  2023

            Written by Himanshi Kharolia 

A paradise replete with architectural marvels, natural wonders, and oodles of vibrancy & elegance, that’s how Arizona takes pride in its beauty. Housing a variety of fascinating geological formations and canyons, the attractions in Arizona are indeed worth exploring. The world-famous and immensely majestic sights such as Grand Canyon, Havasu Falls, Cathedral Rock, Hoover Dam, Monument Valley, etc greatly enhance the overall beauty Arizona. You can opt for hiking and explore the lush waterfalls of Havasu Falls or can indulge in water sports at Lake Powell and Clarkdale to treat the adventurer in you. With plenty of places to visit in Arizona, you are likely to get short on holidays. While planning a trip to Arizona, let’s take a tour of some of the best attractions that will make fall head over heels with its beautiful land.
Top 10 Arizona Tourist Attractions
We have handpicked some of the best places to go in Arizona to help you plan your trip to the Grand Canyon State in the best way!

 Grand Canyon
Sedona
Phoenix
Havasu Falls
Antelope Canyon
 Saguaro National Park
 Monument Valley
Tombstone
Hoover Dam
Lake Powell

1. Grand Canyon

Image Source Renowned worldwide for its magnificence, Grand Canyon offers breathtaking vistas that will definitely cast a spell on you.  One of the top places to visit in Arizona, this awe-inspiring landscape has been carved out by the Colorado River. As you stand n the rim of Grand Canyon, you will be able to enjoy incredible views of rocks that are formed like magic. You will encounter fossiled remains of various plants and animals where you go. Interestingly, you can hike down into the Grand Canyon or opt for a helicopter flight if you want to have a closer look of this God’s own creativity.
Must Read: Arizona Honeymoon: 8 Romantic Places Where You Can Escape With Your Partner

Looking To Book An International Holiday?
Book memorable holidays on TravelTriangle with 650+ verified travel agents for 65+ domestic and international destinations. 

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Sedona

Image Source One of the best places to see in Arizona, Sedona enjoys a beautiful setting with scintillating red sandstone mountains and buttes. Astounding travelers from all over the world, this place is considered as an extremely spiritual site and is famous for its energy vortexes. You will find plenty of shops here selling alternative medicines and there is also a spa for you to keep all your tiredness at bay. If you are an adventure junkie, then don’t miss to partake in cycling, hiking or swimming in the serene waters.
3. Phoenix

Image Source Nestled amidst a desert and an area that is famously known as ‘the Valley of the Sun’, Phoenix has so much to offer. This economic and cultural heart of the state boasts a multitude of entertaining museums as well as theatres. If you are an art lover, you will definitely admire this urban destination. With plenty of shopping options, it allures travelers to go on a shopping spree. Apart from this, you can also check out some of the best restaurants and bars and gorge on global delicacies. If you are visiting Phoenix, we bet you will never have even a single dull moment.
Suggested Read: 10 Best American Road Trips For An Unforgettable Journey In The Land Of Enchanting Sceneries!
4. Havasu Falls

Image Source Located near the isolated village called Supai, Havasu Falls is a jaw-dropping waterfall that flows through Havasupai land in the Havasu Canyon. One of the best places to visit in Arizona in summer, this mesmerizing waterfall comprises one cataract that plunges about 120 feet into a natural swimming pool. The USP of this waterfall lies in its blue-green water that marvelously compliments its background of the red canyon wall. You can either opt for a helicopter ride, a horse ride or a 13 km hike to reach this beautiful place.
5. Antelope Canyon

Image Source If you are looking for the best places to visit in Arizona, then this should definitely be on your checklist. The distorted and twisted cracks of Antelope Canyon will make you believe that nature is a designer itself. While wandering around the sandstone walls, you will encounter sunbeams beautifully sneaking their way along the walls and adorning the walls with sparkling lights. Indeed a treat to eyes, Antelope Canyon that is quickly nicknamed as ‘The Crack’ & ‘The Corkscrew’. Each of them takes pride in their unique look and impresses its visitors like anything!
Suggested Read: 14 Awesome New Year Parties In USA That You Must Be A Part Of

Planning your holiday but confused about where to go? These travel stories help you find your best trip ever!
Real travel stories. Real stays. Handy tips to help you make the right choice. 

Ramya Narrates The Story Of 6 Girls On An Extraordinary Trip To Thailand
Bangkok. Phi Phi. Krabi. Why should guys have all the fun?
Read More

Sandeep Illustrates On The Best Activities For A Family Trip To Mauritius
Water sports. Cocktail parties. And unlimited fun at Casela.
Read More

Nisarg Can't Stop Praising His Honeymoon Trip To Maldives
There was snorkeling, sightseeing, luxury, comfort, & much more!
Read More

Sabyacsachi's Romantic Trip Proves Europe To Be The Mother Of All Vacations
For Art, Culture, Luxury, & more...
Read More

Srishti Talks Of Her Amazing Trip To Singapore With Her Mother & Niece
A fun-filled destination for ages indeed!
Read More

67-Year Old Sridhar Tells How He Beat The Odds & Took A Solo Trip To Dubai
Desert safari. Burj Khalifa. Welcoming locals. Tell me more!
Read More

Not Adventure Lovers? Saurabh's Family Trip Proves Hong Kong To Still Be Full Of Fun
Your kids will love Disney Land & Ocean Park!
Read More

Ravi's Tale Of A Sri Lanka Family Tour Is All You Need To Know About Ramayana Tour
For the love of Ramayana & Travel!
Read More

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

6. Saguaro National Park

Image Source Adding unique charm to Arizona tourist attractions is Saguaro National Park that encompasses about 91,000 acres of the Sonoran desert in Tucson. You’ll be quite astounded to see the renowned saguaro cacti up close. While the cacti offer you a sight to behold, there are several other ways that you can be impressed with this place. Various historic sights, prehistoric petroglyphs, and beautiful wildlife will make your trip to Arizona worthwhile. Also, within the boundary of the park, you can also indulge in many adventurous activities such as hiking, picnicking, and hiking as well.
7. Monument Valley

Image Source Famous for being the backdrop for a variety of western movies such as Forrest Gump, Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom, Wild America, Monument Valley is one of the iconic attractions in Arizona. Straddling the border between Utah and Arizona, the site is adorned with spiked rock formations, sand dunes, and stone spires & buttes. Nestled in the heart of the valley is the Monument Valley Navajo Tribal Park that comprises a visitor center. If you want to explore the area like a pro, then opt for a guided tour which will take you to back to the history of this place.
Suggested Read: 10 Top-Rated Casinos In USA To Try Your Luck And Roll The Dice!
8. Tombstone

Image Source Offering a contemporary look to an Old West town, Tombstone is a famous historic site. You will find stages gunfights in the streets and characters wandering while donning period costumes. Recreating the glittery days of petite Arizona town, the property features various hotels, souvenir shops, restaurants, salons, and entertainment hubs. You will get to see the town’s history is some of the historical sites such as Boothill Graveyard, Tombstone Courthouse State Historic Park, and O.K. Corral. While getting immserd in history, you will have a hard time to leave this place!
9. Hoover Dam

Image Source Touted as one of the best engineering marvels, Hoover Dam is nestled between Nevada and Arizona on the Colorado River. This colossal concrete dam was constructed to control flooding, provide irrigated water and also to produce electricity. There is also a visitor center where you can learn all about the dam and can also take an elevator ride in the canyon wall to witness the power plant. To satiate your hunger pangs, it also has a cafe where you will find many food options.
Suggested Read: 11 Halloween Parties In USA You Should Attend To Shake Things Up
10. Lake Powell

Image Source One of the best man-made reservoirs, Lake Powell is situated on the border between Utah and Arizona. It was established when the construction of the Glen Canyon Dam led to the flooding of the Glen Canyon. Now, it’s considered as one of the top Arizona destinations. If adventure is in your mind then you must visit this destination and take part in various activities such as hiking, jet skiing, fishing, waterskiing, and boating. All in all, an action-packed day if promised to you if you choose to come here!
Further Read: 10 Hot Springs In USA Which Will Give You Relaxing Spa Like Experience Amidst The Nature!
Aren’t you fascinated enough by the charms of Arizona? If yes, then, plan a trip to USA with your friends and folks and witness the wonderful surprises this place has got for you. Grand Canyon, Sedona, Hoover Dam, Monument Valley, Antelope Canyon, and the list goes on and on and on. With numerous places to visit in Arizona, we bet you will have to extend your vacation!
For our editorial codes of conduct and copyright disclaimer, please click here.
Frequently Asked Questions about Places to visit in Arizona

What are the best places to visit in Arizona in March?

						Grand Canyon, Sedona, Phoenix, Havasu Falls, Antelope Canyon, Saguaro National Park, Monument Valley, Tombstone, Hoover Dam, Lake Powell, etc. are the best places to visit in Arizona in March.                     

What are the best places to camp in Arizona?

						Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument, The Grand Canyon, Lake Powell, Glen Canyon National Recreation Area, Gilbert Ray Campground, etc. are the best places for camping in Arizona.                     

What are the best places to visit in Arizona?

						Grand Canyon, Sedona, Monument Valley, Phoenix, Hoover Dam, Glen Canyon, Sedona, Vermilion Cliffs National Monument, Montezuma Castle National Monument, Tucson, Petrified Forest National, etc. are the best tourist attractions in Arizona.                     

What are the best adventures to indulge in Arizona?

						Hiking the Grand Canyon, riding horses around the legendary landscape of Sedona, exploring the Petrified Forest, unravelling the ghost towns, exploring secret ancient cliff dwellings and ruins, standing in a shaft of light in Antelope Canyon, etc. are the best adventures to indulge in Arizona.                     

Which is the best waterfall in Arizona?

						Beaver Falls, Bridal Wreath Falls, Cibecue Falls, Deer Creek Falls, Fossil Creek Waterfall, Grand Falls, Havasu Falls, Madera Canyon Waterfall, etc. are the popular waterfalls in Arizona.                     

What shall I eat in Arizona?

						Burritos, Chimichangas, Sonoran hot dogs, Eegee's, Tequila sunrise, Cheese crisps, Prickly Pear, Navajo Tacos, etc. are the famous food and drink to try in Arizona.                     

Is there any beach in Arizona?

						Yes, Centennial Beach, Buckskin Mountain State Park, Lake Havasu Beaches, Windsor Beach, Tempe Beach Park, etc. are the best beaches in Arizona.                     

What places would tourists visit if they went to Arizona?

						Tourists visiting Arizona would likely explore the awe-inspiring Grand Canyon, experience the vibrant arts scene of Sedona, and immerse themselves in the cultural attractions of Phoenix, including the Desert Botanical Garden and Heard Museum.                     

People Also Read
Places To Visit In USA Places To Visit In Tampa Places To Visit In San Francisco

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?
Book memorable holidays on TravelTriangle with 650+ verified travel agents for 65+ domestic and international destinations. 

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Arizona, Places To Visit, USA

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Chaukhandi Stupa Is An Interesting Spot For Your Next Trip To Varanasi In 2024     Exploring The Mysteries Of Samudra Koop Which Is A Sacred Well In Allahabad To Visit In 2024     A Comprehensive Guide To The Enchanting Beauty Of Dashashwamedh Ghat To Explore In 2024     A Pilgrim’s Guide To Dwarka’s Divine Temple Of Shree Dwarkadhish Temple To Explore In 2024     Experience The Spiritual Splendor Of Kalachakra Temple In Mcleodganj In 2024     A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > USA» > Top 10 Places To Visit In Arizona For An Action-Packed Vacay

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: Attraction: Grand Canyon

          Attraction: Sedona

          Attraction: Phoenix

          Attraction: Havasu Falls

          Attraction: Antelope Canyon

          Attraction: Saguaro National Park

          Attraction: Monument Valley

          Attraction: Tombstone

          Attraction: Hoover Dam

          Attraction: Lake Powell