URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-assam/
Title: 5 Best Places To Visit In Assam In June Which Are Worth A Visit!
Description: Here are some of the best places to visit in Assam in June one must definitely go and explore to enjoy a great time amidst the surreal beauty of nature's finest views.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        5 Handpicked Places To Visit In Assam In June Which One Must Definitely Explore And Enjoy The Surreal Views!

        ..
        SHARES

        08 Nov  2023

            Written by Seema Gurnani 

Assam is one of the most important and most influential north-eastern states in India. It is crucial not only for its political standpoints but for its spectacular natural beauty. The beauty of Assam lies in its mountains, its rivers, its tea gardens amid other aspects. It is also the gateway to neighboring countries in India, like Bhutan and Bangladesh. Due to the current political scenario, Assam may be in a chaotic situation, but in general, Assam is entirely peaceful, and many people prefer visiting there in June. The monsoons in Assam are quite notorious since the Brahmaputra river often floods parts of the state, but in June, the rainfall is not that heavy. Many people prefer the cold weather compared to the sultry summer or the chilly winters. Assam is widely famous among the nature-lovers of the world because it is home to numerous species of flora and fauna. With all the scenic views of Assam and attractions, this makes a great place to visit in June. To explore the best of the state, explore these places to visit in Assam in June and enjoy the pleasant weather and many more things.
5 Places To Visit In Assam In June
The attractions mentioned in the list below do not only offer spectacular scenery, but they are perfect for you to enjoy the beginning of the monsoon with your family and friends. These places grow even more beautiful with the rainfall, and you will have a great time spending a few days in these places.
1. Majuli

Image Source
Majuli is not only the world’s most abundant freshwater land, but it is a visual spectacle to withhold. It is an island with a total area of 1250 square kilometers. Tourists from not only India but all around the world visit there since it is listed in UNESCO’s world heritage site. The entire area is not only mesmerizingly fantastic, but it offers you a glimpse into the life of the tribal people living out there. People love to visit there in June because the island becomes even more spectacular amid the Assam rain.
Places to visit in Majuli: Majuli has some exciting sightseeing spots located out there, including Kalambari Satra, Garmur, Tengapania, and many more.
How to get to the Majuli islands: Majuli is located 20 km from Jorhat, and you can visit Jorhat without any problem since it not only has a railway station but an airport as well. From Jorhat, you will have to get a ferry to travel to Majuli.
Must Read: Temples In Assam For A Spiritual Awakening In The Northeast

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Hajo

Image Source
Hajo is quite sacred for the people of Hindu, Muslim, and Buddhist religion. The place is immensely holy and is entirely secular as well. You will be surprised to find shrines and idols of Shiva, Vishnu, Buddha, and Muslim saints at the same time and same place. Hajo is famous among the tourists across the world since a temple out there, Hayagriya Madhava mandir is known as the place where Buddhadev attained Nirvana. Powa Mecca mosque, located in Hajo, is responsible for its popularity among the people of the Muslim community. If you visit Hajo in June, you will be surprised by the lush greenery that surrounds the entire area and the comfortable weather accompanying it.
Places to visit in Hajo: You will have to visit some sacred and vital areas in Hajo. In contrast, you visit out there, including Hajo Powa Mecca, Hayagriva Mahadeva Temple, Kedareswar temple, Kameswari temple, and many more.
How to get to Hajo: Hajo can easily be reached from any part in India since it is located a mere 25 km from Guwahati. You can get a rental cab and visit there without any problem.
Suggested Read: 33 Tourist Places In Assam: Unveiling The Hidden Charm Of The North-East
3. Nalbari

Image Source
Nalbari is quite popular among nature lovers since it is situated at the base of the Eastern Himalayas and hence is surrounded by mountains. With paddy fields, forests, Brahmaputra river, the area is visually stunning. Apart from natural beauty, this place is quite famous for the number of essential temples located out there. You will also get to witness the life of the local people living out there while you visit over there. Many people prefer to go there in June because due to the rainfall, the temperature drops a lot and they can explore the area quite comfortably.Places to visit in Nalbari: Some famous sites in Nalbari are visited throughout the year, including Buddhist temple, Hari Mandir, Billeswar temple, Daulashal temple, and many more.
How to get to Nalbari: The nearest railway station and airport from Nalbari is located in Guwahati, and the distance between them is 72 km. You can reach Nalbari by getting a rented cab from Guwahati.
Suggested Read: Beautiful Hill Stations In Assam To Rejuvenate Your Senses

Planning your holiday but confused about where to go? These travel stories help you find your best trip ever!

Nikhil Recites A Tale Of 11 Friends Who Went From Bengaluru To Ladakh
Bengaluru - Delhi - Leh - Ladakh - Leh - Delhi - Amristsar - Chandigarh - Bengaluru
Read More

Pranav Took A Solo Trip To Andaman & It Was Truly Wonderful
A backpacker's guide to the predominant Honeymoon destination!
Read More

Shivani Talks Of Her Trip To Mcleodganj & Dalhousie With Her Husband And Friends
Sunset views. Monasteries. Bhagsunath falls. And amazing street food.
Read More

Kanika Proves That Traveling With An Infant To Kerala Is Totally Safe & Wonderful
Beaches, Backwaters, Spas, & More. Take me there now, please!
Read More

Here's Why Aakanksha's Trip To Manali Changed Her Idea About Group Tours
Ideal long weekend getaway from Delhi! Isn't it?
Read More

Isha Elaborates On How She Went Solo To Kasol & Returned With Lots Of Friends
And tales of her exciting Kheerganga & Chalal trek...
Read More

Prasham's Account Of A Goa Tour Proves That Goa Is More Than A Party Destination
Adventure, sightseeing, laid-back beach tours, and it doesn't stop there!
Read More

Bhavya Gives An Extensive Account Of His Jaisalmer Trip With Friends
Desert safari, haunted Kuldhara village, & Gadisar Lake. There's more...
Read More

Ashish Tells Why Kashmir Turned Out To Be A Winter Wonderland For His Family
For Gondolas, Shikaras, and plenty of snow!
Read More

Arunav Can't Stop Praising His Adventurous Trip To Sikkim & Darjeeling With Friends
For adventure in Air, on Land, and in Water!
Read More

Avneet Describes Her Trip To Spiti With A Group Of Strangers That Became Friends
Sightseeing. Monasteries. Trekking. And beauty all along
Read More

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

4. Karimganj

Image Source
Karimganj is one of the most important towns in Assam, and it is quite different than other big cities in India. It is quiet, devoid of pollution, and visually beautiful. The maximum area of Karimganj is filled with wetlands and paddy fields, and hence it is quite essential for the agricultural production of Assam. In June, Karimganj gets more beautiful since the entire area gets covered with the lush greenery of the forest. The weather also becomes quite comfortable since the summers are pretty hot out there. If you visit there, you will be able to witness its border with Bangladesh.Places to visit in Karimganj: Karimganj does not have a scarcity of sightseeing spots for its tourists. Some of them are Chhatachura Range, Duhalia range, Malegarh Crematorium, Adamail range, and many more.
How to get to Karimganj: Karimganj can be reached via flights through its nearest airport that is located in Shillong.
Suggested Read: 15 Best Assam Food Options For The Foodies Traveling To North East!
5. Jorhat

Image Source
Jorhat is yet another important city of Assam that is famous not only for its natural beauty and cultural significance but because of its tea gardens as well. The town is mainly based on tea plantations, and there are 135 of them. Most tourists visit there to witness the spectacular beauty of the tea gardens. If you are planning to visit Assam in June, do not forget to explore Jorhat because the view and the weather is gorgeous in that month. Also, the river island Majuli is located quite close to Jorhat, and many people stay there to explore the island quite efficiently.Places to visit in Jorhat: Apart from Majuli, there are other popular sightseeing spots in Jorhat as well, including Hoollongapar Gibbon Wildlife Sanctuary, Dhekiakhowa BorNamghar, Nimati Ghat, Cinnamon tea garden and many more.
How to get to Jorhat: Jorhat can be reached quite easily via trains, flights, and roads since there are airports and railway stations.
Suggested Read: Ketan’s Trip To Assam And Meghalaya: An Adventurous Escapade Into An Untouched Paradise
Although it must be said that Assam should be avoided in July or August since there is a possibility of landslides and floods during those months. Though in June, you will not have any problem since the rainfall is quite less whereas the weather is quite cold. These places appear to be quite safe for the people to visit and enjoy a great time. So now when you plan a vacation in Assam, make sure to enjoy a time like never before amidst the surreal beauty of the place.
Disclaimer: TravelTriangle claims no credit for images featured on our blog site unless otherwise noted. All visual content is copyrighted to its respectful owners. We try to link back to original sources whenever possible. If you own the rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear on TravelTriangle, please contact us and they will be promptly removed. We believe in providing proper attribution to the original author, artist or photographer.
Please Note: Any information published by TravelTriangle in any form of content is not intended to be a substitute for any kind of medical advice, and one must not take any action before consulting a professional medical expert of their own choice.
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Assam In June

What are some of the most visited places in Assam in June?

						Although you might experience rainfall in June, you will have a marvelous time enjoying the June rain in the places in Assam, including Majuli, Hajo, Silchar, Jorhat, and many more.                     

Can one visit Kaziranga National Park in Assam in June?

						No. Sadly Kaziranga national park remains closed in June to avoid the monsoon. The park reopens in November every year.                     

What is the average temperature of Jorhat in June?

						The average maximum and minimum temperature in Jorhat is 32 and 25 degrees Celsius, respectively, in June. It is one of the most visited places in Assam in June.                     

How can one reach Silchar in June?

						Silchar can easily be reached anywhere from India since it is connected to Guwahati and Kolkata via roads, trains, and flights. The railway station is connected to Guwahati via numerous trains.                     

What are the top places to visit in Karimganj in Assam during June?

						Karimganj is quite popular among tourists to visit in June because of the spectacular visual sceneries and comfortable weather. You must visit some of the most sought-after places like Chahta Chura range, Duhalia range, Kushiara river, and many more.                     

Is it safe to visit Nalbari in Assam in June?

						Nalbari is quite hot, but in June, the temperature drops off quite a lot due to the arrival of the monsoon. You can visit Nalbari in June, but do not go there in July or August because the area is prone to landslides and you may face problems visiting there.                     

What is the distance between Guwahati to Silchar?

						The total distance between Silchar and Guwahati is 300 km.                     

Looking To Book An International Holiday?

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read: 
Places To Visit In Thekkady Places To Visit In Bharatpur Best Places To Visit In Ranikhet

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Assam, Places To Visit

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Chaukhandi Stupa Is An Interesting Spot For Your Next Trip To Varanasi In 2024     Exploring The Mysteries Of Samudra Koop Which Is A Sacred Well In Allahabad To Visit In 2024     A Comprehensive Guide To The Enchanting Beauty Of Dashashwamedh Ghat To Explore In 2024     A Pilgrim’s Guide To Dwarka’s Divine Temple Of Shree Dwarkadhish Temple To Explore In 2024     Experience The Spiritual Splendor Of Kalachakra Temple In Mcleodganj In 2024     A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > India > North East»Assam» > 5 Handpicked Places To Visit In Assam In June Which One Must Definitely Explore And Enjoy The Surreal Views!

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found