URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-bhubaneswar/
Title: 28 Places To Visit In Bhubaneswar For An Amazing Journey
Description: Top places to visit in Bhubaneswar include from visiting temples to exploring caves. There are a lot of options that you should visit.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        28 Places To Visit In Bhubaneswar For A Fascinating Journey To Odisha In 2024

        ..
        SHARES

        06 Aug  2023

            Written by Gaurav Gupta 

The incredible and ancient city of Bhubaneswar is extremely rich in cultural heritage, natural beauty and a ravishing history. This alluring city has been able to maintain its ancient richness with its incredible economic progress and industrialization. Bhubaneswar happens to be one of the major economic and industrial centres in this part of India and is on track to become the first “Smart City” in India. This ravishing city is also known as the ‘City of Temples’ as there are a huge number of enamouring temples in the city. Explore some of the best places to visit in Bhubaneswar moving forward.
28 Best Places To Visit In Bhubaneswar
Here is the list of the most popular places to visit in Bhubaneswar that will make sure that you have a wonderful time while visiting this Odisha! The places in Bhubaneswar are really amazing and will put you in a state of trance. Visit and explore these beautiful places.
1. Lingaraj Temple – Architectural Marvel

Image Source
Lingaraj Temple is a glorious temple located in the city of Bhubaneswar and is one of the most important attractions and landmarks. This eleventh-century temple is an architectural marvel in the city of Bhubaneswar. Being a major tourist destination, this ancient temple is also an important pilgrimage in this part of the country. The whole architecture, stone carvings and interiors are extremely riveting. Temple surroundings are extremely clean, well-maintained and serene. A visit to Bhubaneswar is incomplete without a visit to this enchanting temple.
Location: Samantarapur, Odisha 751022
Must Read: Visit These 7 Museums In Bhubaneswar For A Trip Down Memory Lane

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Udayagiri And Khandagiri Caves – Wonderous Caves

Image Source
Udayagiri and Khandagiri caves are a wondrous attraction in Khandagiri area of Bhubaneswar. The caves are also popularly known as Kattaka caves. These alluring caves are a mix of ethereal natural and ancient man made caves – which makes it an incredible place to visit. Situated on the small hilltop, these caves may need at least 2 to 3 hours to explore. There are scintillating murals surrounding the caves and there is a very charming garden in the area. One may also find a lot of monkeys near the caves. Truly an enchanting place to visit and explore
Location: Khandagiri, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751030
3. Rajarani Temple – Serene And Tranquil

Image Source
This 11th century temple is a smashing piece of architecture. Situated in the old town of Bhubaneswar, this glorious monument is an ethereal place to visit. The surroundings are very tranquil and serene. There is an extremely well-maintained garden in the temple’s surrounding. This ancient monument doesn’t have idols to worship inside the temple compound. One could adore the stone cravings and beautiful artwork inside and outside the temple.
Location: Tankapani Road, near BOI ATM, Kedar Gouri Vihar, Rajarani Colony, Rajarani Temple, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751002
Suggested Read: Top 10 Haunted Places In Odisha And Their Paranormal Activities
4. Mukteshvara Temple – Amazing Temple

Image Source
This glorious ancient temple was built in the 10th century. This stunning piece of architecture and sacredness is dedicated to Lord Shiva. The amazing temple has incredible serene vibes and tranquil surroundings. There is an alluring fish pond in the temple compound which also has a blissful garden to relax and stroll. This beautiful temple is a must visit attraction in Bhubaneswar.
Location: Old Town, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751019
5. Odisha State Museum – Culture And Language

Image Source
Odisha has an incredibly rich culture and heritage and the Odisha State Museum is one perfect place to explore some of the rich cultures of this incredible state of India. A wonderful place to learn about the culture, art, language, architecture, religions that have evolved in this intriguing state of Odisha.
This is a huge museum spread over multiple floors and multiple sections and may need a good 4 – 5 hours if you want to explore it nicely. The collection of artefacts and exhibits is startling at this museum. This will surely captivate you and is a must-visit place if you are interested in learning about this beautiful state and the city of Bhubaneswar.
Entry Fees:  INR 20/-Location: Near Lewis Road, Kalpana Square, BJB Nagar, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751014
Suggested Read: Sea Ports In India: Know About The Important Ports Which Stands As A Glory Of The Country
6. Ekamra Kanan Botanical Gardens – Bird Watching

Image Source
This is an incredible landscaped park maintained by the local government. Best part of this botanical garden is the presence of a number of exotic birds throughout the park. In case if you are a bird lover, try coming in here early in the morning and you will be captivated by the enchanting chirping of the birds here. The garden is full of exquisite flora including numerous varieties of roses and cactus here. This is a large park – distributed over 2 acres and full of alluring natural beauty. There is an entry ticket of INR 25 /- per individual. The place is extremely calm and serene – one of the best places to relax amidst the natural beauty.
Location: Government of Orissa, Forests and Environment Department, Nayapalli, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751015
7. Dhauli Shanti Stupa – Awe Inspiring

Image Source
Standing tall at Dhauli hills, this is an elegant and awe inspiring Buddhist monument. Situated in a very serene surroundings, the monument was built in the early 1970s. This Buddhist temple is made up of white marble and looks stunningly beautiful. The drive to this monument is incredibly gratifying with full of ethereal views. The views of Bhubaneswar city from this monument on top of the hill are quite ravishing. This is a beautiful place away from the city’s bustle.
Location: Dhauni Hills, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 752104
Suggested Read: 7 Enthralling Things To Do In Cuttack Which One Must Experience When They Are Visiting Orissa

Planning your holiday but confused about where to go? These travel stories help you find your best trip ever!

Nikhil Recites A Tale Of 11 Friends Who Went From Bengaluru To Ladakh
Bengaluru - Delhi - Leh - Ladakh - Leh - Delhi - Amristsar - Chandigarh - Bengaluru
Read More

Pranav Took A Solo Trip To Andaman & It Was Truly Wonderful
A backpacker's guide to the predominant Honeymoon destination!
Read More

Shivani Talks Of Her Trip To Mcleodganj & Dalhousie With Her Husband And Friends
Sunset views. Monasteries. Bhagsunath falls. And amazing street food.
Read More

Kanika Proves That Traveling With An Infant To Kerala Is Totally Safe & Wonderful
Beaches, Backwaters, Spas, & More. Take me there now, please!
Read More

Here's Why Aakanksha's Trip To Manali Changed Her Idea About Group Tours
Ideal long weekend getaway from Delhi! Isn't it?
Read More

Isha Elaborates On How She Went Solo To Kasol & Returned With Lots Of Friends
And tales of her exciting Kheerganga & Chalal trek...
Read More

Prasham's Account Of A Goa Tour Proves That Goa Is More Than A Party Destination
Adventure, sightseeing, laid-back beach tours, and it doesn't stop there!
Read More

Bhavya Gives An Extensive Account Of His Jaisalmer Trip With Friends
Desert safari, haunted Kuldhara village, & Gadisar Lake. There's more...
Read More

Ashish Tells Why Kashmir Turned Out To Be A Winter Wonderland For His Family
For Gondolas, Shikaras, and plenty of snow!
Read More

Arunav Can't Stop Praising His Adventurous Trip To Sikkim & Darjeeling With Friends
For adventure in Air, on Land, and in Water!
Read More

Avneet Describes Her Trip To Spiti With A Group Of Strangers That Became Friends
Sightseeing. Monasteries. Trekking. And beauty all along
Read More

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

8. Deras Dam – Picturesque Landscapes

Image Source
This is an incredible dam with lot of picnicking opportunities in the areas surrounding the dam. The dam is around 15 km away from the city center. The whole area surrounding the dam is forestry and covered with lush green trees. This is a wonderful picnic spot surrounded by adorable natural setting and with ethereal views. One can also take a dip in the water reservoir or simply sit with your feet in water during summers.  It is also a great spot for a stroll amidst the picturesque environment, hence considered among the places to visit in Bhubaneswar for couples. There is also a little cafeteria for you to enjoy a hot cup of tea with warm snacks. The area closes by 4:30 pm in the evening. This place with its green natural settings and soothing sounds of flowing water will relax and rejuvenate your soul.
Entry Fees:  INR 40 /-Location: Kantabada – Deras Dam Road, Barapita, Odisha 752054
9. Biju Patnaik Park – Relaxing Environment

Image Source
A wonderful place to stroll in the middle of nature. The park is full of greenery and well-maintained plants. This is an old park which has an open gym area and play areas for kids. There is also an eatery for you to have your snacks, tea or lunch. The park is locally popular as Forest Park and tourists prefer this for picnics and morning/evening jogs. Full of nature, the park is quite serene and a perfect place for a refreshing and relaxing time away from the hustle-bustle of the city.
Location:  Forest Park, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751009
Suggested Read: Nightlife In Bhubaneswar: 4 Best Places To Forget All Your Woes
10. Regional Science Centre – Fun Learning

Image Source
This is an incredible science centre and is unique in many ways. The Science centre has many gadgets and machines showing how different things work. The centre also has a 3D auditorium where one can see 3D movies related to science and technology. This is a popular place amongst science enthusiasts and kids. There is an intriguing Taramandal area that showcases different planets, stars and constellations. The centre also has a lovely park with alluring ducks chirping and playing there. There is an entry fee of INR 25 per person. The centre closes in the evening by 6:30 pm. This place shouldn’t be missed if you are travelling with kids.
Location: Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru Marg, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751013
11. Chandaka Reserve Forest – Elephant Reserve

Image Source
This is an enchanting forest reserve area around Bhubaneswar. The area is full of lush green dense woods and tall trees. The nature is in abundance in this forest area. The forest area is sprawled in an area of 175 sq. km., the forest is surrounded by mountain hills of Cuttack and Khurda areas. These forests are popular for being an important elephant reserve. One can get jeep safaris in the forest and explore the lives of imposing entrancing elephants in this region.
Location: Chandaka Reserve Forest, Bhubaneswar
Suggested Read: 30 Tourist Places In Odisha To Visit For A Fun Vacation
12. Parashurameshvara Temple – Architectural Marvel
Image Source
If you are looking for religious tourist places in Bhubaneswar, then you ought to visit the Parashurameshvara Temple on your vacation. The structure of this temple reflects the Odia style of architecture and it is one of the oldest temples in Bhubaneswar. Lord Shiva is the main deity worshipped in this temple. It is believed that this temple was built-in 650 CE and it is one of the most eminent ancient temples in Odisha.
Location: Near Bindu Sagar Pond, Kedar Gouri Vihar, Old Town, Bhubaneswar, Odisha
13. Ram Mandir – Ignite Spirituality
Image SourceDedicated to Lord Ram, Goddess Sita, and Lord Lakshaman, Ram Mandir is a beautiful structure in Bhubaneswar. When you are all tired after exploring the tourist places in Bhubaneswar then you should pay a visit to Ram Mandir to mediate and seek blessings of Lord Ram. The best time to visit this temple is during major festivals like Vivaha Pancham, Ram Navami, Janmashtami, Pana Sankranti, Dussehra, and Shivaratri.
Location: Naka Gate Chowk, Khandagiri, Bhubaneswar, Odisha
Suggested Read: 6 Cafes In Bhubaneshwar That Are Local’s Favorite Places To Hang Out & Chill
14. Baitala Deula – Historic Significance
Image Source
Built-in Khakra style, Baitala Deula is known for its stunning structure and attracts a lot of tourists every year. Established in the 8th century, Baitala Deula is famous as Tini-Mundia Deula among locals. A gorgeous Hindu temple situated in the capital city of Odisha, Baitala Deula is considered one of the best places to visit in Bhubaneswar for all history enthusiasts. The main deity worshipped in this temple is Chamunda or Charchika and the spires in this temple denote the three powers of goddess Chamunda which are Mahalakshmi, Mahasaraswati, and Mahakali.
Location: Barhadanda Road, Old Town, Bhubaneswar, Odisha
15. Ananta Vasudev Temple – Historical Traditions
Image Source
Ananta Vasudev Temple is one of the most popular places to visit in Bhubaneswar for all those who are looking to have an encounter with the traditions and culture of the city. This temple is dedicated to Lord Krishna and many rituals and ceremonies are performed here throughout the year. As soon as you will enter this 13th-century temple you can have a look at the idols of Balarama, Krishna, and Subhadra. Try wearing decent clothes and covering your head before you enter the temple.
Location: Gouri Nagar, Old Town, Bhubaneswar, Odisha
Suggested Read: 10 Fascinating Odisha Museums For Your Love Of History And Art
16. ISKCON Temple – Religious Place

Image Credit: SUDEEP PRAMANIK for Wikipedia 
ISKCON Temple is one of the most beautiful temples in Bhubaneswar and is one of the most religious places to visit in Bhubaneswar. ISKCON temple was built in the year 1991 by ISKCON (International Society for Krishna Consciousness) and serves as an alternative to Lord Jagannath temple in Puri. It is believed that this temple offers abode to the Lord Jagannath.
Location: NH-5, Near Krishna Tower, IRC Village, Nayapalli, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751015
17. Hirakud Dam – India’s Longest Dam

Image Credit: Quarterbacker for Wikipedia
Hirakud dam is constructed across the Mahanadi River in Sambalpur, Odisha and is the longest man-made dam in India. The dam stretches across 56kms and is one of the best places to visit in Bhubaneswar. The dam was built in the year 1956 and is a fantastic spot to see nature in its glory. There is a drive-through road that takes you 21kms over the dam and lets you witness breathtaking views. It is also a popular spot among those who are into bird-watching.
Location: Sambalpur, Odisha
Suggested Read: 7 Places To Visit In Odisha In June For A Fun And Exciting Trip
18. Parasurameswara Temple – Marvellous Architecture

Image Credit: Balaji for Wikipedia
Parasurameswara Temple, a temple that was constructed in 650 A.D. is a testament to marvellous architecture of that period. The Oriyan style architecture of this temple makes it one of the most beautiful places to visit in bhubaneswar. The most eye-catching feature of the temple is the presence of one thousand lingas. The temple is adorned with carvings of Lord Ganesha, Lord Shiva, and Goddess Paravti.
Location: near Bindu Sagar Pond, Kedar Gouri Vihar, Old Town, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751002
19. Bindu Sarovara – Holy Water

Image Credit: Nizil Shah for Wikipedia
Bindu Sarovar or commonly known as Bindu Sagar is a water tank that is believed to be sacred by the Hindus. The tank lies in the vicinity of the Lingaraj Temple and there are a lot of temples that are surrounding this water tank. It is believed that the water in Bindu Sagar contains drops of water from all the major holy pools and rivers of India. It is one of the best places to visit in Bhubaneswar if you want to witness the religious side of this city.
Location: Bhubaneswar, Odisha
Suggested Read: 9 Romantic Places In Odisha To Explore With Your Partner
20. Brahmeswara Temple – Oriyan Architecture

Image Credit: Muk.khan for Wikipedia
The Brahmeswara Temple is a relic that is another prime example of the brilliance of Oriya style of architecture. The temple is surrounded by four similar shrines and was built during the 11th century. The main shrine of the temple is dedicated to Shivalingam and you can also see the sculptures of Lord Shiva and Goddess Parvati alongside. The temple is one of the most amazing tourist places in Bhubaneswar that is famous for beautiful carvings.
Location: Tankapani Rd, Siba Nagar, Brahmeswarpatna, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751002
21. Tikarpada Wildlife Sanctuary – Into The Wild

Image Credit: Rajani3737 for Wikipedia
The Tikarpada Wildlife Sanctuary is one of the tourist places in Bhubaneswar that is known for its mesmerizing beauty, and green surroundings. The sanctuary is spread across an area of 795.52 square kilometers and houses a large variety of wild animals, birds, and flora. The sanctuary is home to tigers, leopards, gaurs, simbal, four horned antelopes, sloths, and more. Within the Tikarpada wildlife sanctuary there is The Gharial Sanctuary which is responsible for breeding and caretaking of Gharials. This is one of the best wildlife sanctuaries in Odisha.
Location: Odisha 759132
Suggested Read: Odisha Food: 24 Iconic Dishes That Are Too Drool-Worthy To Skip
22. Museum Of Tribal Arts & Artefacts – Collection Of Artefacts

Image Credit: Balaji for Wikipedia
Amongst the many tourist places in Bhubaneswar is the Museum of Tribal Arts & Artefacts that houses a collection from the 62 tribes of Odisha. If you love to explore the cultures and tradition of Odisha, a visit to the museum will suit you well. The museum houses a collection of costumes, accessories, jewelry, farming equipment, weapons and gears and more.
Location: Unit – VIII, CRP – DAV Rd, CRPF Colony, Nayapalli, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751003
23. Nandankanan Zoological Park – Zoo Inside A Forest

Image Credit: Jitendraamishra for Wikipedia
The Nandankanan Zoological Park is one of a kind zoo that is housed inside a forest. The Nandankanan Zoological Park was established in the year 1960 to ensure that the flora and fauna thrive in a natural habitat. This zoo is the first in the whole wide world to have bred Melanistic and White Tigers, successfully. It is one of the most famous tourist places in Bhubaneswar.
Location: Nandankanan Rd, Near Police Station, Barang, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 754005
Suggested Read: 8 Places Near Cuttack That You Must Surely Visit On A Long Vacation
24. Chausath Yogini Temple – Religious Significance

Image Credit: PankajSaksena for Wikipedia
Chausath Yogini Temple is a temple that bears striking resemblance to the temple in Khajuraho and was built during the 10th century during the Kalachuri kingdom. The temple is located near the Narmada River and is counted amongst the Bhubaneswar places to visit. Goddess Durga is the presiding deity of the temple. The temple is known to follow Yogini culture and almost 70 Yoginins reside in the temple.
Location: Balianta, Hirapur, Odisha 752100
25. Kedar Gauri Temple – Must-visit Temple

Image Credit: Rnivargi for Wikipedia
Kedar Gauri Temple, one of the Bhubaneswar places to visit, is one of the eight Astasambhu Temples and is dedicated to Goddess Gauri and Lord Shiva. Some locals also believe that the temple is dedicated to two couples named Kedar and Gauri. The famous attraction here is the annual procession that starts from the Lingaraja and goes till Kedar Gauri Temple and is held here to commemorate the marriage of Shiva and Parvati.
Location: Near Bindu Sagar Pond, Kedar Gouri Vihar, Old Town, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751002
Suggested Read: 15 Spectacular Hill Stations In Odisha That Are Underrated But Probably The Best
26. Nicco Park – For A Fun Day

Image Credit: Nerdstravel.com
This is one of the fascinating places to visit in Bhubaneswar which can be visited with family and friends. Considered to be one of the quick getaways for a day out, this amusement park was designed and built in association with Nicco Japan. Decorated with beautiful and well-maintained gardens, the park has a wide variety of rides to enjoy. It is one of the fun places to visit in Bhubaneswar in two days.
Location: Nicco Park Rd, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751022 Entry Fee: INR 180 Timings: 10:30AM-6:30PM
27. Pathani Samanta Planetarium – To Enjoy Science

Image Credit: Subhashish Panigrahi for Wikipedia
This planetarium is named after a famous astronomer, Pathani Samanta. The place was built by the Science and technology department of the Government of Odisha for making people aware of the topic. Inside the planetarium, one can learn from audiovisual programs and poster shows. The main highlight of the place is night sky gazing. If you are searching for places to visit in Bhubaneswar with friends who are Science fanatics as you, Pathani Samanta Planetarium is the place to be.
Entry Fee: Adult (INR 30), Children (INR 20) Timings: 2PM-5PM
Suggested Read: 13 Best Weekend Getaways From Visakhapatnam That Offer A Rejuvenating Break
28. Ramachandi Beach

Image Credit: Wikipedia
Nestled at a distance of 65 kilometres from Bhubaneswar, this stretch of coastline is a perfect destination to observe the coming together of the Bay of Bengal and River Kushabhadra. The Ramachandi Beach is easily accessible with the construction of Marine Drive Road and just 7 kilometres of Konark making it a short and serene drive away. 
Location: Ramachandi, Puri, Odisha 752111
The intriguing city of Bhubaneswar will surely enthral you with its rich historic culture and brilliant modern industries and infrastructure. There are plenty of places to visit in Bhubaneswar, a city that has been able to balance its ancient rich culture with a stunning modern industrial development. The beauty of this city will surely make you feel awe-inspired. Plan your visit to Bhubaneswar and do share your reviews with TravelTriangle!
For our editorial codes of conduct and copyright disclaimer, please click here. 

Frequently Asked Questions about Places to Visit in Bhubaneswar

What is Bhubaneswar popular for?

						Bhubaneswar is the biggest city in Odisha. The city is famous for its rich ancient heritage, especially its historic monumental temples. The city is popularly known as City of Temples due to the incredible ancient temples in the city. It also happens to be the capital city of Odisha.                     

What language do they speak in Bhubaneswar?

						Odia is the official language here. Most people are comfortable with Odia and it is widely spoken everywhere. In most tourist places, people will be able to understand English. At some places, they may even communicate in Hindi.                     

Is it safe to visit Bhubaneswar during covid times?

						As the tourism industry is slowly reopening, you can visit most of the above-mentioned places and more if traveling in a small group while following all the guidelines released. But don’t take our word for it: check up on the latest travel advisory, Covid-19 measures, and the number of cases before your departure. It is safer to undertake solo travel or with a small group of people to somewhere that is not overly crowded at the moment or has few reported cases.                     

Which are the best places to go for day trips from Bhubaneswar?

						To plan day trips from Bhubaneswar, some of the best places to visit are Konark sun temple, Temple of Puri alongwith Rock Edicts and Art & Crafts Village Tour. Make sure to include these places in your itinerary while planning your Odisha tour.                     

What are the best things to do in Bhubaneswar with kids?

						While traveling with kids explore places like Museum of Tribal Arts & Artifacts, Mukteswara Temple, Lingaraja Temple, Nandankanan Zoological Park. You can also take your children to some of the popular national reserves in Bhubaneswar.                     

Is there any beach in Bhubaneswar?

						There are beaches located near Bhubaneswar and some of the famous ones are Puri Beach, Chandrabhaga Beach, Gopalpur Beach and Chandipur Beach. Make sure to include them in your itinerary while planning your Odisha tour.                     

How far is Konark from Bhubaneswar?

						The distance between Konark and Bhubaneswar via road is 99 kms and takes around 1:50 hrs to reach. You can either travel by your own vehicle or by public transport. Most visitors prefer traveling by their own vehicle because of the comfort.                     

How many days are enough in Puri?

						A holiday for 4 days is enough to enjoy the sightseeings and attractions around the place while also indulging into fascinating activities like shopping and beach hopping. For a relaxing getaway, it is suggested to plan a 5-6 days tour.                     

Looking To Book An International Holiday?

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read
 Places To Visit In Sangli  Places To Visit In Meghalaya   Places To Visit In Konkan

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Bhubaneswar, Odisha, Places To Visit, Things To Do

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Discover The Sacred Calm And Serenity Of Naya Ghat In Ayodhya On Your 2024 Vacay     Saryu Ghat Tour To Experience Peace and Solace By The Saryu River In 2024     Explore The Beauty Of Kanak Bhawan On Your Next Trip To Ayodhya In 2024     Chaukhandi Stupa Is An Interesting Spot For Your Next Trip To Varanasi In 2024     Exploring The Mysteries Of Samudra Koop Which Is A Sacred Well In Allahabad To Visit In 2024     A Comprehensive Guide To The Enchanting Beauty Of Dashashwamedh Ghat To Explore In 2024        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > India > Bhubaneswar» > 28 Places To Visit In Bhubaneswar For A Fascinating Journey To Odisha In 2024

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found