URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-chandigarh/
Title: 26 Amazing Places To Visit In Chandigarh: Don’t Miss Them In 2023!
Description: These are hands down the best places to visit in Chandigarh in 2023 to explore whenever you take a detour to the city as it has a lot to offer to travelers.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        26 Amazing Places To Visit In Chandigarh To Make Your 2024 Experience A Memorable One

        ..
        SHARES

        31 Mar  2023

            Written by Japneet Kaur 

What comes to mind when one hears the name Chandigarh? Beautiful gardens, the great nightlife and amazing places to shop, right? Well, the city is all about that and more. Did you know, it was designed by Swiss-French designer Le Corbusier and is one of the first planned cities in India. Chandigarh also is one of the cleanest cities in India and offers you many places to visit and explore. While this city has a lot of things to offer its visitors, but just so that you don’t miss out anything here is a list of best places to visit in Chandigarh which a first time traveler must definitely tick out from their bucket list.
26 Best Places To Visit In Chandigarh
Here are some of the best places to visit in Chandigarh which one must visit while planning out a trip to the north side of the country. Take a look at them and choose what all places you would like to include in your itinerary for Chandigarh tour. 

Zakir Hussain Rose Garden: Smell Amazing Fragrances
Sukhna Lake: Admire The Views While Boating
Rock Garden: Not-To-Be-Missed Place
Mohali Cricket Stadium: Rekindle The Patriotic Fervour
Terraced Garden: Gape At The Vibrant Colors
ISKCON Temple: Seek Blessings With Fam
Pinjore Garden: Admire The Captivating Fountains
Leisure Valley: Take A Stroll Amidst Greenery
Sector 17 Market: Best Place To Hangout
Hops N Grains: Experience Chandigarh Nightlife
Government Museum & Art Gallery: Pay A Visit
Shanti Kunj: Relax, Jog & Stroll Around
Garden Of Fragrance: Treat Your Senses
National Gallery Of Portraits: Admire The Beautiful Art
Le Corbusier Center: Heaven For Architectures
Japanese Garden: A Blend Of Man-Made & Natural Beauty
International Doll Museum: Watch The Pretty Miniatures 
Butterfly Park: One-Of-Its-Kind Park
Garden Of Silence: Silence All The Inner Chaos
Gandhi Museum: Relive The History
Fun City: Have A Fun-Filled Day
Thunder Zone: Get Set For Some Adventure
Botanical Garden: Enjoy The Greenery
Bougainvillea Garden: Surrounded By Pink Beauty
Hibiscus Garden: Amidst The Beautiful Trees
Open Hand Monument: A Unique Art

1. Zakir Hussain Rose Garden: Smell Amazing Fragrances

Image Source
For all the nature lovers out there this is like a dream come true. Located in Chandigarh’s Sector-16, the famous Rose Garden boasts of 825 types of flowers. It’s quite a popular attraction where people can witness the beauty of these colorful flower beds. It’s a mesmerising sight to see so many flowers at once and is one of the most popular places to visit among couples. If you want to make the best of your trip, make sure you visit this beautiful place.
Location: Jan Marg, 16B, Sector 16, Chandigarh, 160016Timings: 6:00 AM to 10 PM (All days of the week)Entry Fee: INR 50 per person
Shopping In Chandigarh: 8 Places To Spend Your Money Without Giving A Second Thought!

Looking To Book An International Holiday?

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Sukhna Lake: Admire The Views While Boating

Image Source
Sukhna Lake is among the most picturesque tourist places in Chandigarh. A man-made stretched across 3 km. and one of its kind acts as a perfect place for joggers and walkers. Apart from all this, the lake acts as the perfect spot for picnics. If you are visiting Chandigarh with your family this has to be on the top of your list for places to visit.
Location: Sector 1, Chandigarh 160001, IndiaTimings: 5:00 AM – 9:00 PM (Everyday)Entry Fee: Free
3. Rock Garden: Not-To-Be-Missed Place

Image Source
Located in Sector-1 of Chandigarh, this is the classic example of best out of waste. Rock Garden is a huge hall that displays sculptures made out of waste and was designed by a road inspector named Nek Chand in 1957. The spot is a must if you are planning to cover top places to visit in Chandigarh with friends.
Location: Sector 1, Chandigarh, 160001Timings: 9:00 AM – 7:00 PM (April- September),9:00 AM – 6:00 PM (October- March)Entry Fee: Adults- INR 5; Children- INR 3
No Kidding, Chandigarh To Shimla In Just 20 Minutes By A Heli Taxi!
4. Mohali Cricket Stadium: Rekindle The Patriotic Fervour

Image Source
Inaugurated in 1953, the Mohali Cricket Stadium is an enormous stadium and has a capacity of 26,590 spectators. It also is the proud home to the Kings XI Punjab cricket team. Located in Sahibzada Ajit Singh Nagar, visiting this stadium is a great experience. Visit the stadium for getting some patriotic fervour on!
Location: Phase 9, Sector 63, Sahibzada Ajit Singh Nagar, Chandigarh 160063Timings: 24 Hours (According to the match)Entry Fee: Free

Planning your holiday but confused about where to go? These travel stories help you find your best trip ever!

Ramya Narrates The Story Of 6 Girls On An Extraordinary Trip To Thailand
Bangkok. Phi Phi. Krabi. Why should guys have all the fun?
Read More

Sandeep Illustrates On The Best Activities For A Family Trip To Mauritius
Water sports. Cocktail parties. And unlimited fun at Casela.
Read More

Nisarg Can't Stop Praising His Honeymoon Trip To Maldives
There was snorkeling, sightseeing, luxury, comfort, & much more!
Read More

Sabyacsachi's Romantic Trip Proves Europe To Be The Mother Of All Vacations
For Art, Culture, Luxury, & more...
Read More

Srishti Talks Of Her Amazing Trip To Singapore With Her Mother & Niece
A fun-filled destination for ages indeed!
Read More

67-Year Old Sridhar Tells How He Beat The Odds & Took A Solo Trip To Dubai
Desert safari. Burj Khalifa. Welcoming locals. Tell me more!
Read More

Not Adventure Lovers? Saurabh's Family Trip Proves Hong Kong To Still Be Full Of Fun
Your kids will love Disney Land & Ocean Park!
Read More

Ravi's Tale Of A Sri Lanka Family Tour Is All You Need To Know About Ramayana Tour
For the love of Ramayana & Travel!
Read More

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

5. Terraced Garden: Gape At The Vibrant Colors

Boasting of vibrant flowers and lush greenery, Terraced Garden is a tourist destination which attracts people from not only Chandigarh or nearby cities but from across the country. Established in 1979, the Terraced Garden covers an area of 10 acres and has a lighted musical fountain which becomes active in the evening, when famous songs are played. This is indeed among the best sightseeing places in Chandigarh.
Location: Sector 33B, Sector 33, Chandigarh, 160020Timings: 6:00 AM- 8:00 PM (Everyday)Entry Fee: Free
61 Inviting Places To Visit Near Chandigarh For A Much-Needed Getaway
6. ISKCON Temple: Seek Blessings 

One of the top places of pilgrimage and a very famous temple of ISKCON, this temple in Chandigarh is visited by devotees all around the year. If you are planning a trip to Chandigarh with your family, make sure you visit this temple dedicated to Lord Krishna and Radha. It is one of the most famous places in the city and will make your trip a memorable one.
Location: Hare Krishna Dham,Sector 36B, Dakshin Marg, Chandigarh, 160036Timings: 4:30 AM-8:30 PMEntry Fee: Free
7. Pinjore Garden: Admire The Captivating Fountains

Image Source
A vibrant, beautiful Mughal garden made in the 17th century stretched over a massive area of 100 acres and a great place to be really close to nature, Pinjore Garden is a must visit place on your visit to Chandigarh. These world-famous gardens are known for their lush greenery and captivating fountains and definitely offer a sight to behold.
Location: Ambala-Shimla Highway, Pinjore, Haryana 134102Timings: 7:00 AM-10 PMEntry Fee: INR 20
23 Hill Stations Near Chandigarh You Must Visit For Surreal Views
8. Leisure Valley: Take A Stroll Amidst Greenery

Image Source
Without a doubt, one of the most attractive tourist places in Chandigarh, Leisure Valley covers an 8 km long stretch. Also known as ‘The lungs of the Chandigarh city’ this attraction not only adds to the beauty but also helps to keep pollution at bay and keep the city clean. There is a three-day festival that takes place yearly which acts as an added delight. Make sure you include this in your list whenever you go sightseeing in Chandigarh.
Location: 10B, Sector 10B, Chandigarh, 160011Timings: 24 HoursEntry Fee: Free
9. Sector 17 Market: Best Place To Hangout

Image Source
The most popular and the biggest market in the city, this one is equally popular among kids and adults. From big brands to food joints, kids wear to bridal stores, this market has got it all. You can find anything you have been eyeing or perhaps just visit the place and decide to buy something on impulse. A pretty souvenir never hurt anyone!
Location: 17F, Sector 17, Chandigarh, 160017Timings: 11:00 AM- 10 PMWhat to buy: Apparels, Gems, Handicraft
8 Beautiful Resorts Near Chandigarh For A Rejuvenating Retreat
10. Hops N Grains: Experience Chandigarh Nightlife

Image Source
If you went to Chandigarh and did not experience the nightlife, did you even go to Chandigarh! If you are visiting the city with your friends, make sure you check out this cool place meant for all the nocturnal beings who want to have some crazy fun. It’s the first microbrewery in Chandigarh and one of its kind. Experience the amazing nightlife in Chandigarh here with your amigos.
Location: SCO 358, Sector 9, PanchkulaTimings: 12 PM-12 AMZomato Rating: 4.5/5
11. Government Museum & Art Gallery: Pay A Visit

Image Source
If you are a history buff and looking for top places to visit in Chandigarh then you must include Government Museum And Art Gallery in your list. The museum was established in the year 1968 and it displays a commendable collection of traditional artifacts, miniature paintings, and stone sculptures. Some of the artifacts showcased here were earlier conserved in the Central Museum of Lahore and after the construction of this museum post the partition, they were brought here.
Location: #502 sector, 10C, Chandigarh, 160011Timings: 10:00 am – 4:30 pm (Closed on Monday)Entry Fee: Rs.10 per person
New Year Parties In Chandigarh: Top 16 Venues
12. Shanti Kunj: Relax, Jog & Stroll Around

Image Source
Shanti Kunj Park is wedged between the Rose Garden (Sector 16) and the Cricket Stadium. It is built for the locals to jog around and have some time with nature. You will also find some outdoor exercise equipment for adults along with swings for kids. It is a perfect place for families with kids to explore. The best part about this park is that it is nourished by a natural stream of water that splits into five small islands.
Location: 16C, Sector 16, Chandigarh, 160015Timings: 24 hoursEntry Fee: Free
13. Garden Of Fragrance: Treat Your Senses

Image Source
If you are tired of exploring the tourist places in Chandigarh and want to relax somewhere then there cannot be a better place than Garden of Fragrance which not only pleases your eyes but also your nose. The garden is home to a variety of fragrant flowers and plants like Raat ki rani, demask rose, haar shringar, jasmine, and many more. The best part is that anyone can visit this place at any time. Whether traveling with family, friends, partner or kids, you can explore this place in Chandigarh for sure.
Location: Fragrance Garden Rd, Sector 36B, Sector 36, Chandigarh, 160036Timings: 24 hoursEntry Fee: Free
19 Cafes In Chandigarh That Make Perfect Hideouts For You
14. National Gallery Of Portraits: Admire The Beautiful Art

Image Source
You might not be aware of the fact that this museum was constructed for the well-known freedom fighters of India. The museum showcases rare documents, portraits, and recorded voices that are proof of the struggles that were endured by the fighters. To be particular, you will find recorded voices of Mahatma Gandhi as well as Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru which will give you that perfect patriotic feel.
Location: Sector-17B, Chandigarh, IndiaTimings: 10:00 am – 5:00 pm (Closed on Monday)Entry Fee: Free
15. Le Corbusier Center: Heaven For Architectures

Image Source
How can anyone not know about Le Corbusier, the famous Swiss-French architect who planned this city? Well, there is a center built to tribute him and his works of city planning that are shared here. You will not only find the planning drafts of Chandigarh but also of places in America and Japan. This was actually his office where he worked which was transformed into a museum in the year 2008. So, make sure that you head to this place and pay a tribute to the maker of Chandigarh by including this center in your list of places to see in Chandigarh.
Location: Sector 19B Old Architect Building, Madhya Marg, Chandigarh, 160019Timings: 10:00 am – 5:00 pm (Closed on Monday)Entry Fee: Free
11 Best Water Parks In Chandigarh To Hang Out With Your Loved Ones!
16. Japanese Garden: A Blend Of Man-Made & Natural Beauty

Image Source
If you want to please your eyes with something beautiful then you must visit the Japanese Garden which is located in Sector 31A in Le Corbusier planned city, Chandigarh. While exploring the garden, you will find several pagoda towers, a buddha idol, small waterfalls, and many other structures that add to the beauty of this garden. There are two phases of Japanese Garden that are interconnected via an underground tunnel which is decorated with beautiful artworks which is why it is included in the list of the top tourist places in Chandigarh.
Location: Sector 31 A, Sector 31, Chandigarh, 160030Timings: 4:30 am – 11 pmEntry Fee: Free
17. International Doll Museum: Watch The Pretty Miniatures

If you have not heard about this place before then you must include it in your list of places to see in Chandigarh. This International Doll Museum was constructed in the year 1985 which showcases around 250 dolls as well as puppets. They are not only collected from India but also several other places like Denmark, Germany, Spain, and Korea. If you or your children are fond of dolls then you must head to this beautiful place in Chandigarh.
Location: Bal Bhawan, Udyog Path, Sector 23B, Chandigarh, 160023Timings: 10:00 am – 4:30 pm (Closed on Monday)Entry Fee: Rs. 10 (for adults), Free for kids
11 Exotic Hotels In Chandigarh For A Memorable Staying In Experience
18. Butterfly Park: One-Of-Its-Kind Park

Image Source
One of the most beautiful places to explore in Chandigarh is the Butterfly Park which is an amazing garden with manicured bushes. It is home to a total of 35 different species of butterflies as the park facilitates the perfect environment for their breeding. The fun fact about this place is that there is a special silence zone where loud and harsh sounds are prohibited. If you want to witness some beautiful and colorful butterflies then you can include this place in your Chandigarh itinerary.
Location: Sector 26, Chandigarh, 160019Timings: 8:30 am – 5 pmEntry Fee: NA
19. Garden Of Silence: Silence All The Inner Chaos

Image Source
If you are looking for a peaceful place in Chandigarh then you should not overlook the Garden of Silence which is a famous spot amongst people who meditate and seek silence. The heart of the garden houses a huge idol of Lord Buddha which adds to the beauty of this place. With Shivalik Ranges as the backdrop and green surroundings, this garden gives a tranquil atmosphere to meditate for some time and relax your mind as it is one of the best things to do in Chandigarh.
Location: 5, Lake Walking Way, Kishangarh, Chandigarh, 160101Timings: 6 am – 10 pmEntry Fee: Free
11 Thrilling Trails For Trekking Near Chandigarh
20. Gandhi Museum: Relive The History

Image Source
Gandhi Museum, alias Gandhi Bhawan, is considered to be one of the prominent landmarks and places to visit in Chandigarh. As the name suggests, the museum is built as a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi which is why you will find a range of works, books and material that reflect his life. One of the most amazing facts about this museum is that it is located in the middle of a pond. For the architecture of this museum, the person to be praised is Peirre Jeanneret, the cousin of Le Corbusier.
Location: Sector 16 A, Sector 16, Chandigarh, 160015Timings: 9:00 am – 5:00 pmEntry Fee: Free
21. Fun City: Have A Fun-Filled Day

Image Credit: Chandigarhmedicaltourism
Spread across an area of 43 acres, this incredible and fun amusement park located in Ramgarh is considered to be the biggest in North India. Offering some of the enthusiastic activities like the three landing pools and the wave pool, there is a wide array of water rides available in various shapes and sizes which makes it one of the best tourist places in Chandigarh for a fun day for both adults and kids.
Location: Chandigarh-Nada Sahib Gurudwara Barwala Road, Ramgarh, 140201
Timings:  9:30 am to 6:30 pm
Entry Fee:  ₹ 1180 (Waterpark), ₹ 600 (Amusement Park), Free for kids below 3 ft in height and senior citizens above 60 years
Shopping In Amritsar: Where To Shop, And What To Buy From This Historical City 
22. Thunder Zone: Get Set For Some Adventure 

Image Credit: Birchwoodbandb
Chandigarh is known for its fare chances of surprising its visitors and one of the famous places in Chandigarh counts to be the Thunder Zone. It is another fascinating adventure park which offers a wide array of things to enjoy and have a fun filled day with family and friends. Situated 13 kms away from the heart of the city, this amusement park is spread across an area of 11 acres and offers some of the incredible rides which includes four large pools and a water park.
Location: Sirhind-Morinda Road, Sawara, Punjab, 140307
Timings: 10 am to 7:30 pm (March to October), 10 am to 5:30 pm (November to February)
Entry Fee: ₹ 1000 (Waterpark), ₹ 700 (Amusement Park), Free for kids below 3 ft in height
23. Botanical Garden: Enjoy The Greenery 

Image Credit: Chandigarh Medical Tourism
This beautiful garden actually contains two gardens which is spread across Chandigarh and offers a view of some of most symmetrical plants which are soothing to the eyes. There is a wide range of plant species here which are exotic and evergreen. One garden is located at the Punjab University campus and the other is situated at the Sukhna Lake and Rock garden.
Location:  Kurali-Chandigarh Road
Timings:  4 am to 7:30 pm (Summers), 4 am to 6:30 pm (Winters)
Entry Fee: Free
20 Best Restaurants In Chandigarh To Relish The Real Taste Of Punjabi Tadka 
24. Bougainvillea Garden: Surrounded By Pink Beauty

Image Credit: Chandigarh Tourism
Quite a fascinating place to visit in Chandigarh, this beautiful garden is a home to around 50 varieties of bougainvillea which is a beautiful view to admire. Established in the year 1976, this garden is spread across an area of 20 acres. From the arch pavilions to the arcades and cluster of bowers, there is a lot to explore here at this garden.
Location: Sector 3, Chandigarh, 160011
Timings: 5 am to 9 pm
Entry Fee: Free
25. Hibiscus Garden: Amidst The Beautiful Trees 

Image Source
Located at sector-36 in Chandigarh, this garden is quite a beautiful place to visit and admire nature’s beautiful gifts intact in one place. This garden was founded in the year of 1996 and offers around 40 varieties of Hibiscus shrubs which is planted at an area of 8-acre expanse. Museum Of The Evolution Of Life This is one of the most fascinating and unique places to visit in Chandigarh especially for the science nerds. The museum is known for showcasing the beautiful roadmap of human lives and also the study of evolution in an elaborate manner. Inside the museum, there are Astronomy, Prehistory and Archaeology where the scientific and technical elaborations are displayed.
Location:  Sector 36, Chandigarh
Timings:  5 am to 9 pm
Entry Fee:  Free
New Year Parties In Chandigarh: Top 16 Venues 
26. Open Hand Monument: A Unique Art 

Image Credit: Raakesh Blokhra for Wikipedia
This is one of the most picturesque places to visit in Chandigarh where one can witness the amazing artwork done by Le Corbusier. The Open hand monument is a gem which enlightens the Capitol complex in Chandigarh. The architecture symbolizes the “ hand to give and the hand to take, peace and prosperity and the unity of mankind”.
Location:  Capitol Complex, Sector 1, Chandigarh, 160001
Timings:  Slots of 10 am, 12 pm, and 3 pm, closed on weekends
Entry Fee:  Free (registration required with ID proof)
The city’s beauty attracts thousands of tourists every year and for all the right reasons. With so much to offer, being the plethora of gardens that it is and such a vibrant nightlife, this can be the next destination you can head to. If you are planning a holiday to Chandigarh, check out these customizable options and plan your trip with TravelTriangle and explore all these places to visit in Chandigarh.
For our editorial codes of conduct and copyright disclaimer, please click here. 
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Chandigarh

Which are some good places to visit in Chandigarh with family?

						Zakir Hussain Rose Garden, Sukhna Lake, Rock Garden, Mohali Cricket Stadium, Terraced Garden, ISKCON Temple, Pinjore Garden, Leisure Valley, Sector 17 Market, Hops N Grains, Government Museum & Art Gallery, Shanti Kunj, and Garden of Fragrance are amongst the top tourist attractions in Chandigarh that you can explore with family.                     

What food is famous in Chandigarh?

						Chandigarh is famous for Punjabi food. The food in Chandigarh is popular for its wheat-based bread such as naan, parantha, and roti. You can try other famous food options such as Kulfi, Chhole Bhathure, Stuffed Naan, Sarso Ka Saag, Makki Ki Roti, etc.                     

Is it safe to visit Chandigarh during Covid times?

						You need to follow all the mandatory safety guidelines mentioned by the authorities to ensure a safe travel experience. Remain masked while stepping out of the hotel and maintain social distance. Avoid visiting crowded places and keep sanitizing your hands after touching surfaces.                     

What is famous in Chandigarh?

						Chandigarh is famous for its peaceful cum lively ambiance. Apart from being a clean and serene city, Chandigarh is one of the most lively places in Punjab that has numerous astounding malls, clubs, and cafes. There are numerous amazing places to visit such as The Rock Garden, Sukhna Lake, Elante Mall, Timber Trail, Chandigarh Rose Garden, ISKCON Temple, Government Museum and Art Gallery, and Terraced Garden.                     

What are the best things to do in Chandigarh?

						You can go on numerous interesting excursions while staying in Chandigarh. Some of the best things to do in Chandigarh are taking a ride around Sukhna Lake, exploring the aesthetically designed Rock Garden, checking out vast collections at Elante Mall, enjoying the colors and aroma of the garden of fragrance. You can also plan a visit to enlightening museums in Chandigarh.                     

What can I buy in Chandigarh?

						There are many interesting markets in Chandigarh. You can buy fashion outfits, gems, jewelry, handicraft items, etc from Shopping Centre, Sector-17. Another amazing market here is Shastri Market which is famous for clothing, artificial Jewellery, art pieces, etc. If you want to buy furniture from here then do plan to visit Furniture Market in Sector 34 to check the best collections.                     

What language is spoken in Chandigarh?

						According to the research, the majority of the population of Chandigarh speaks Hindi. Chandigarh is home to nearly 73% Hindi-speaking population and 23% Punjabi speaking.                     

What are the best places to visit near Chandigarh?

						Parwanoo, Morni Hills, Nalagarh Fort, Kasauli, Barog, Bharatgarh Fort, Doraha, Solan, Panchkula, Nahan, Shoghi, Chail, Kufri, etc. are the best places to explore near Chandigarh.                     

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read
Places To Visit In Punjab Places To Visit In Shimla Places To Visit In Jalandhar

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Chandigarh, India, Places To Visit

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Chaukhandi Stupa Is An Interesting Spot For Your Next Trip To Varanasi In 2024     Exploring The Mysteries Of Samudra Koop Which Is A Sacred Well In Allahabad To Visit In 2024     A Comprehensive Guide To The Enchanting Beauty Of Dashashwamedh Ghat To Explore In 2024     A Pilgrim’s Guide To Dwarka’s Divine Temple Of Shree Dwarkadhish Temple To Explore In 2024     Experience The Spiritual Splendor Of Kalachakra Temple In Mcleodganj In 2024     A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > India > Chandigarh» > 26 Amazing Places To Visit In Chandigarh To Make Your 2024 Experience A Memorable One

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: Attraction: Zakir Hussain Rose Garden: Smell Amazing Fragrances

          Attraction: Sukhna Lake: Admire The Views While Boating

          Attraction: Rock Garden: Not-To-Be-Missed Place

          Attraction: Mohali Cricket Stadium: Rekindle The Patriotic Fervour

          Attraction: Terraced Garden: Gape At The Vibrant Colors

          Attraction: ISKCON Temple: Seek Blessings With Fam

          Attraction: Pinjore Garden: Admire The Captivating Fountains

          Attraction: Leisure Valley: Take A Stroll Amidst Greenery

          Attraction: Sector 17 Market: Best Place To Hangout

          Attraction: Hops N Grains: Experience Chandigarh Nightlife

          Attraction: Government Museum & Art Gallery: Pay A Visit

          Attraction: Shanti Kunj: Relax, Jog & Stroll Around

          Attraction: Garden Of Fragrance: Treat Your Senses

          Attraction: National Gallery Of Portraits: Admire The Beautiful Art

          Attraction: Le Corbusier Center: Heaven For Architectures

          Attraction: Japanese Garden: A Blend Of Man-Made & Natural Beauty

          Attraction: International Doll Museum: Watch The Pretty Miniatures

          Attraction: Butterfly Park: One-Of-Its-Kind Park

          Attraction: Garden Of Silence: Silence All The Inner Chaos

          Attraction: Gandhi Museum: Relive The History

          Attraction: Fun City: Have A Fun-Filled Day

          Attraction: Thunder Zone: Get Set For Some Adventure

          Attraction: Botanical Garden: Enjoy The Greenery

          Attraction: Bougainvillea Garden: Surrounded By Pink Beauty

          Attraction: Hibiscus Garden: Amidst The Beautiful Trees

          Attraction: Open Hand Monument: A Unique Art