URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-chicago/
Title: 15 Best Places To Visit In Chicago For Every Traveler!
Description: Discover the charm of top places to visit in Chicago like that of Cloud Gate, Riverwalk, and many more on your next US holiday to make the most of it.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        15 Best Places To Visit In Chicago That Add Charm To Your American Vacay!

        ..
        SHARES

        11 Apr  2023

            Written by Sushmita Dutta 

The beautiful city of Chicago has some of the best attractions like museums, skyscrapers and local spots that are worth a visit whether you are a local or a traveler. Being one of the top cities of USA, Chicago has some of most spectacular attractions to be witnessed once in a lifetime. While there are a number of places to see in Chicago, these 15 attractions are must-visit on your next trip.
15 Fascinating Places To Visit In Chicago
1. Millenium Park2. Art Institute of Chicago3. Riverwalk4. Navy Pier5. John Hancock Observatory6. Cloud Gate7. The Magnificent Mile8. Lincoln Park Zoo9. Chicago History Museum10. Glessner House11. Crown Fountain12. Shedd Aquarium13. Buckingham Fountain14. Garfield Park Conservatory15. Promontory Point at Burnham Park
1. Millenium Park

Suggested Read: Chicago Nightlife: 11 Exciting And Lively Places To Party All Night!
Known for hosting the concerts and festivals, this is one of the most popular Chicago attractions which is all about the city’s weekend vibe. You’ll find interesting sculptures and contemporary installations all over this 25-acre park while taking an evening stroll. The Millenium Park is definitely one of the best places to visit in Chicago for all kinds of tourists.
Location: 201 E Randolph St, ChicagoTimings: 6 AM to 11 PM
Suggested Read: Ring In The New Year In Brazil & Start Your With A Relaxing Vacation
2. Art Institute of Chicago

Image Source
When talking about the most exquisite places to see in Chicago, the Art Institute has to be on the list as it houses a collection of more than 300,000 pieces of artwork. Even if you’re not an art connoisseur, the gorgeous Greek sculptures, Japanese prints, and stained glass installations will make you an admirer in no time. Other than that, one can also dine at the Art Institute’s restaurant – Terzo Piano that offers spectacular views of the Millenium Park.
Location: 111 S Michigan Ave, ChicagoTimings: 10 AM to 5 PM
3. Riverwalk

Image Credit: MK Feeney by flickr
When it comes to Chicago sightseeing, taking a stroll along the Riverwalk is totally mandatory. One can adore the city lights next to the Chicago river while choosing your dinner menu from a range of bars, pubs and restaurants. The Riverwalk has some of the best restaurants in Chicago and the other amazing places to go in Chicago can easily be explored via Water Taxi.
Location: Chicago Riverwalk, ChicagoTimings: 6 AM to 11 PM
4. Navy Pier

Image Source
Suggested Read: 15 Most Haunted Places In America: One Of A Kind & Each One With A Disturbing History!
For a relaxed evening, drop by the Navy Pier which boasts of a Giant Ferris Wheel, a beer garden, and live entertainment. If you’re thinking about what to see in Chicago, you can listen to live music by the pier or attend one of the classic plays at the renowned Chicago Shakespeare Theatre. A number of restaurants and take-out places at the Navy Pier makes it one of the best places to visit in Chicago.
Location: 600 E Grand Ave, ChicagoTimings: 10 AM to 7 PM
5. John Hancock Observatory

Image Credit: GPA photo archive by flickr
The most iconic structure and also known as 360 Chicago, the John Hancock Observatory gives you a complete view of the city from 1000 ft. above which is a sight not to be missed. Hop onto TILT that will ‘tilt’ you from the 94th floor and indulge in an experience you will not forget in a lifetime. Being the only place from where you can see upto five states as well as the infamous Lake Michigan, this is one of everyone’s favourite places in Chicago.
Location: 875 Michigan Avenue, ChicagoTimings: 9 AM to 11 PM
6. Cloud Gate

Image Credit: Dhilung kirat by flickr
The infamous Cloud Gate is a spectacular piece of art which undoubtedly is one of the places to visit in Chicago. It’s the perfect spot for a selfie and since it’s inception, it has been an Instagram-favourite for all tourists around the world. Sometimes known as the beanbag, this fun installation works as a house of mirrors and is a must-see place for all visiting the Millenium Park.
Location: AT&T Plaza at Millennium ParkTimings: 6 AM to 11 PM
7. The Magnificent Mile

Image Source
Suggested Read: Top 10 Things To Do In Los Angeles, The Home Of Hollywood
You are never done with Chicago till the time you visit its commercial district known as the Magnificent Mile. Find the best selection of fashion outlets and topnotch stores at this vibrant location where one can also be a part of the Magnificent Mile Shopping festival that is held each summer. Also, the Magnificent Mile Lights Festival is also a must-attend event when in the city. Dedicate an entire day and indulge in the cosmopolitan experience at one of the best places to visit in Chicago.
8. Lincoln Park Zoo

Image Credit: Pelican by flickr
In Chicago, places to visit are so many that it won’t disappoint you. Bring back your childhood memories with a trip to the infamous Lincoln Park Zoo, especially if you’re a nature and an animal lover. Located in the middle of the city and surrounded by skyscrapers and buildings, this prime location happens to be one of everyone’s favourite places to visit in Chicago.
Location: 2001 N Clark St, ChicagoTimings: 7 AM to 4:30 PM
9. Chicago History Museum

Image Source
Suggested Read: Shopping In Chicago: 8 Famous Places In The City To Splurge & Shop Till You Drop!
With over 20 million artifacts, this museum is an important part of Chicago’s tourist destinations. Needless to say, if you appreciate history, you will find an abundance of sites to visit within this museum. Be it the hands-on model of the Hancock Building or the real story behind the Great Chicago Fire, there’s a lot more to this museum being one of the best Chicago’s places to visit than what meets the eye.
Location: 1601 N Clark St, ChicagoTimings: 9:30 AM to 4:30 PM
10. Glessner House

Image Source
Suggested Read: Here Are The World’s 29 Richest Countries As Per The IMF’s Latest Report
One of the top architectural places to visit in Chicago, the Glessner House is a popular landmark in the State of Illinois. There are different tales associated with this timeless monument while the museum inside contains unbelievable collections of 19th Century life. An inspiration to domestic architecture, the Glessner House is a fortress waiting to be explored by tourists.
Location: 1800 S. Prairie Ave.Timings: 11 AM to 4 PM
11. Crown Fountain

Image Source
Being one-of-a-kind installations in the city, this fountain is a 50-foot glass block which projects the images of the locals while the water flows through an outlet strategically placed at the mouth of the installation. This 21st century art is clearly one of the spectacular places to visit in Chicago that is located in the Millenium Park. Make sure you capture both the screen during middle of Spring and Fall, as the water effects are operational only then.
Location: 201 E Randolph St, ChicagoTimings: 6 AM to 11 PM
12. Shedd Aquarium

Image Credit: smart destinations by flickr
Closer to the Lake Michigan, resides a very popular tourist attraction of Chicago – the Shedd Aquarium. As one of the largest aquariums in the world, this indoor setup is the place to spend a lazy afternoon with your family, especially children. From Beluga whales to white-sided dolphins, you can witness over 1500 mammals and fishes here, which makes it one of the most exciting places to visit in Chicago.
Location: 1200 S Lake Shore Dr, ChicagoTimings: 8.30 AM to 6 PM
13. Buckingham Fountain

Image Source
Suggested Read: 8 Resorts In Orlando Hosting The Best Stay In The Disney World Backyard
Inspired by the Art Deco movement, this extraordinary fountain is located at the centre of Grant Park. It is operational during the peak hours of the day while it shows its magic with lights in the evening. As 15,000 gallons of water move around to make beautiful designs, this fountain becomes a must-visit spot for all tourists who are looking for iconic places to visit in Chicago.
Location: 301 S Columbus Dr, Chicago
14. Garfield Park Conservatory

Image Source
The ‘landscape art under glass’ consists of rare and exotic plant species that are displayed on the indoors as well as on the outdoors in the garden. There are regular art exhibitions, flowers shows, and even lectures that one must visit if their interest lies in horticulture. As a matter of fact, one will not find a better place to visit in Chicago, and relax away amidst the gorgeous flora.
Location: 300, North Central Park Avenue, ChicagoTimings: Thursday to Tuesday – 9 AM to 5 PM; Wednesdays – 9 AM to 8 PM
Suggested Read: Make Your Christmas In Brazil A Sweet One With Assortment Of These Lip-Smacking Desserts
15. Promontory Point at Burnham Park

Image Source
Enjoy a lovely picnic in the summer sun at the Chicago Promontory Point, which is a relaxing spot for everyone in search of a calm and a quiet place. Named as one of the best summer places to visit in Chicago, simply unwind in the evenings, ride a bike, go running along the greenery, enjoy a swim by the shore, or have a barbeque with friends and family, and much more.
Further Read: 22 Best Things To Do In Chicago: The City With A Magnetic Charm
Still confused about Chicago’s tourist attractions? This list of top 15 places to visit in Chicago should be your go-to guide for your next vacation. Having said that, plan your US trip with TravelTriangle  and make sure you visit each of these places to get the real taste of city life.
For our editorial codes of conduct and copyright disclaimer please click here. 
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Chicago

What is Chicago known best for?

						If you are visiting Chicago for the first time, some of the things that this city has to offer are Chicago-style hot dogs and deep-dish pizza along with a great jazz music scene that you can explore.                     

What is the most visited tourist attraction?

						Being one of the top cities of USA, Chicago has some of most spectacular attractions to be witnessed once in a lifetime. Some of the most popular attractions are: 1. Millenium Park 2. Art Institute of Chicago 3. Riverwalk 4. Navy Pier 5. John Hancock Observatory 6. Cloud Gate 7. The Magnificent Mile 8. Lincoln Park Zoo                     

Where can I go for free in Chicago?

						There are numerous interesting free places to explore in Chicago. Check out the following free places in Chicago: 1. Millennium Park 2. Lincoln Park Zoo And Conservatory 3. Chicago Cultural Center 4. Buckingham Fountain 5. Garfield Park Conservatory 6. National Museum of Mexican Art 7. Oriental Institute, Smart Museum & Renaissance Society 8. Museum of Contemporary Photography                     

Which are the most popular tourist destinations in Chicago?

						The most popular tourist destination in Chicago is Millennium Park, followed by Willis Tower, Navy Pier, and Cloud Gate.                     

Are museums free in Chicago?

						Alike other places to visit in the USA, the museums in Chicago are free for members of the US Armed Services, Chicago Fire Department, Chicago Police Department, and Illinois teachers.                     

Is the Skydeck free?

						The Skydeck in Chicago is not free. You need to pay INR 2,348.08 for adults whereas the same for kids above the age of 3 years will be charged INR 996.24. However, kids below the age of 3 are absolutely free to enter the Skydeck.                     

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: America, Chicago, Places To Visit

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Dashrath Mahal Is A Top Destination For Your To Visit In Ayodhya In 2024     Discover The Natural Retreat Of Tulsi Udyan On Your Ayodhya Tour 2024     Mani Parvat Temple Tour With A Detailed Guide For Devotees To Explore In 2024     Discover The Sacred Calm And Serenity Of Naya Ghat In Ayodhya On Your 2024 Vacay     Saryu Ghat Tour To Experience Peace and Solace By The Saryu River In 2024     Explore The Beauty Of Kanak Bhawan On Your Next Trip To Ayodhya In 2024        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > Places To Visit» > 15 Best Places To Visit In Chicago That Add Charm To Your American Vacay!

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found