URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-dehradun/
Title: 8 Best Places To Visit In Dehradun In June One Cannot Miss Out!
Description: Here are some of the best places to visit Dehradun in June which one can pick for a weekend getaway and enjoy a great time with your family and friends.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        8 Best Places To Visit In Dehradun In June Which Are Perfect For A Weekend Getaway!

        ..
        SHARES

        04 Apr  2023

            Written by Seema Gurnani 

Among the most amazing hill stations in India, Dehradun has always been popular among the tourists. Each year, people from different parts of the world and India get attracted to the beauty of the capital city of Uttarakhand. Dehradun is located at the foothills of the Himalayas and is bordered by the Ganges and the Yamuna River. The climate of this hill station is soothing and it is also the gateway of the other famous hill stations like Mussoorie, Nainital, etc. But, Dehradun has its charm to enchant tourists. There are lots of amazing places to visit in these hill stations, but due to extreme cold, people avoid visiting the city in winter. The best time to visit Dehradun is from March to June which is summer and the beginning of the monsoon. Though monsoon is quite boring in Dehradun, June is the peak season to visit this beautiful hill station as you can explore the majestic beauty and the Garhwali culture at its best. Today, we will take a note of the best places to visit in Dehradun in June. 
8 Best Places To Visit In Dehradun In June
Here are some of the best places to visit in Dehradun in June which one must visit to enjoy a great time during the monsoon season and enjoy the beautiful views of the place.
1. Robber’s Cave

Image Source
While talking about the best places in Dehradun, this place will always make it on the top. Robber’s Cave is located only 8km away from Dehradun. Tourists, who prefer to have some adventure throughout their trip, can head towards this cave which is locally known as ‘Gucchupani’. Once you are here, you will be mesmerized by the outstanding view of the place with the 10m long waterfalls. There is a myth associated with this place’s name. During the British rule, this cave was the hiding place of the robbers. That’s why the name of the cave is Robber’s Cave. You can visit the natural formation of dark limestone inside the cave. Call out your beloved’s name and you can get the echo of that! There are certain cold water springs inside the cave which keep the cave cool on the hot summer afternoon of May and June.
Where: 8kms. from DehradunTimings: 7 am to 6 pmEntry Fee: Rs. 25 only
Must Read: 9 Homestays In Dehradun That Will Make You Want To Stay In This Paradise Forever

Uttarakhand Holiday Packages On TravelTriangle

Adventurous Rishikesh Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,300
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Jim Corbett Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 5,299
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Action-Packed Uttarakhand Tour 5D/4N @ RS 9,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Uttarakhand Tour Package with Corbett 7D/6N @ 21,000
Best prices guaranteed. EMI option available.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Sahastradhara

Image Source
If you are looking for the best place in Dehradun to visit in June, you can’t miss the magnificent waterfalls of Sahastradhara. The waterfall is the perfect emblem of its name as ‘Sahastradhara’ means ‘thousand-fold spring’. Not only the waterfalls, but you can also visit the steppe farming land, and caves at this place which creates a perfect panoramic view for entertaining the tourists. Along with enjoying the natural beauty of this place, you can also take a fun ride in the air through ropeways. Once you travel by ropeway, the stunning view of the mountains and valleys will enthrall you completely. The water of Sahastradhara falls is sulfur-rich and that’s why it has lots of medicinal benefits. Though you can visit this place throughout the year, monsoon is the best time to visit Sahastradhara at its best.
Where: 11km from Dehradun, near Robber’s CaveTimings: 8 am to 7 pm.Entry Fee: Free
Suggested Read: 20 Cafes In Dehradun That Are Too Awesome To Resist
3. Tapkeshwar

Image Source
If you are tired of roaming around and want to spend some time in serenity and tranquillity, you can visit Tapkeshwar, the oldest temple of Uttarakhand, dedicated to Lord Shiva. This place is quite simple but beautiful with its charm. Located on the banks of Nandi River, you have to enter the cave to reach the shrine. The cave is naturally designed in a way that water drips continuously from the top of the Shiva Linga. It is believed that this cave was once the abode of Guru Dronacharya and therefore, it is known as Drona Cave. This place is quite famous among the pilgrims who came here to worship Lord Shiva and believe that all their wishes are granted once they reach here. Besides them, this place is also popular among young people as it is a great picnic spot. You can trek through the nearby forest to reach Tapkeshwar.
Where: 6.5km away from DehradunTiming: 6 am to 7 pmEntry Fee: Free
Suggested Read: Wildlife In Dehradun: 5 Popular Sanctuaries And Parks You Cannot Afford To Miss!
4. Mindrolling Monastery

Image Source
While you are planning your trip to Dehradun, you should not miss including Mindrolling Monastery on your list. This place is one of the best centers of Buddhist culture and tradition throughout India and you can only get a glimpse of that once you visit this monastery. First of all, you will be enthralled by the beauty of the place, the gardens and the stupa that is located inside the perimeter of the monastery. There is also the Ngagyur Nyingma College, which is the center of teaching the importance of Buddhist religion and culture. What attracts the tourists’ most at this monastery is the tall statue of Lord Buddha. It is the tranquil natural beauty and spiritual serenity that attracts tourists not only from India but also from different parts of the world.
Where: located in DehradunTiming: 8 am to 12 noon, 2 pm to 7 pmEntry Fee: Free
Suggested Read: Dehradun In May: A Guide For An Adventurous Vacay In The Enchanting Doon Valley!
5. Forest Research Institute

Image Source
Not only famous for natural beauty, but there are certain institutions and organizations in Dehradun which are popular tourist spots. This is the institute for researching forestry and there is also a museum, based on this particular subject. The museum is divided into six sections, like Pathology Museum, Silviculture Museum, Social Forestry Museum, Timber Museum, Entomology Museum, and Non-Wood Forest Products Museum. If you are interested in visiting the museums, you can spend a day over here. This institute is also famous as a shooting spot for several Bollywood movies.
Where: KaulaGarh Road, PO. I.P.E, Dehradun, Uttarakhand 248195Timing: 9.30 am to 5 pmEntry Fee: Rs. 25 only
Suggested Read: 11 Most Famous Temples In Dehradun For Those Who Seek A Spiritual Awakening
6. Lachhiwala

Image Source
When you pick the hill stations of the north side of India, you should be prepared for experiencing the outstanding natural views over there. You can get that unlimited while you are in Lachhiwala of Dehradun. Surrounded by the Sal trees, this place is famous for its beautiful natural views. Besides that, there are lots of man-made pools, made from the streams of the Suswa River which are for entertainment purposes. If you are having a trip with your family and kids, they will love to spend a day at Lachhiwala. Dipping into the pool and enjoying the beauty of nature around is scintillating. You can also spend a night or two at the luxurious hotels or cottages at Lachhiwala.
Where: 17.4km from the city of DehradunTiming: 6 am to 5 pmEntry Fee: Free
Suggested Read: 20 Cafes In Dehradun That You Must-visit
7. Tapovan

Image Source
In ancient India, Tapovan was known as the dwelling place of the sages and saints. Today, Tapovan Temple in Dehradun is one of the most attractive tourist spots because of its natural beauty and the myth associated with it. It is said that this is the place where Guru Dronacharya performed his penance. Located on the bank of the Ganges, this place is holy and famous among the pilgrims. Once you are here, you can also trek to Nandanvan, the amazing meadow. If you are interested in yoga, you can join the yoga courses, conducted by Tapovan Ashram.
Where: 5km from Dehradun CityTiming: 6 am to 8 pmEntry Fee: Free
Suggested Read: These 10 Holiday Homes In Dehradun Might Make You Forget About Your Own Home!
8. Paltan Bazaar

Image Source
If you have seen all the places of attractions in Dehradun, you can have a day to rest and roam around the city. Why don’t you visit Paltan Bazaar in the city? If you have a shopping spree, roam around the market and buy different types of memoirs for your friends and relatives. There are lots of wooden carvings and handicraft items that you can buy from this market. Besides that, you can also buy varieties of spices and other edibles from Paltan Bazaar.
Where: In DehradunTiming: 10 am to 10 pmEntry Fee: Free
Further Read: Dehradun In May: A Guide For An Adventurous Vacay In The Enchanting Doon Valley!
So, these are some of the outstanding places to visit in Dehradun in June. Plan your trip to get good accommodation at your favorite hotels in Dehradun as June is the peak season. During this time the weather is pleasant and the visitors can have a great time exploring the best time away from the hustle-bustle. So if you’re planning a vacation in Uttrakhand, then make sure to not miss out on these attractions located at Dehradun which will make the trip all worth it.
Disclaimer: TravelTriangle claims no credit for images featured on our blog site unless otherwise noted. All visual content is copyrighted to its respectful owners. We try to link back to original sources whenever possible. If you own the rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear on TravelTriangle, please contact us and they will be promptly removed. We believe in providing proper attribution to the original author, artist or photographer.
Please Note: Any information published by TravelTriangle in any form of content is not intended to be a substitute for any kind of medical advice, and one must not take any action before consulting a professional medical expert of their own choice.
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Dehradun In June

Is it worth visiting Dehradun?

						Dehradun is one of the best hill stations in Uttarakhand with outstanding natural beauty and rich culture. So, it is always worth visiting this city.                    

Which is the best time to visit Dehradun?

						You can avoid winter as it is chilling cold over there. The best time to visit Dehradun is from March to June when the weather is soothing and you get bright sunny days.                    

Which are the places that you can visit from Dehradun?

						Dehradun is the door of the other famous hill stations of northern India. Once you are here, you can visit Mussoorie, Hrishikesh, Haridwar, Dhanaulti, Kalsi, Chakrata, etc.                    

What are the best places to visit in Dehradun?

						There are numerous places to visit in Dehradun when you are here. Some of the famous tourist spots in Dehradun are Dehradun Zoo, Tapovan, Sahastradhara, Malsi Deer Park, Lacchiwala, Tapkeshwar, etc.                    

Is Dehradun safe at night?

						Dehradun is one of the famous hill stations in North India. It is safe at night as well as in the day time. But, there is no problem in being cautious about your activity.                    

Which are the famous shopping spots in Dehradun?

						Paltan Bazaar is the most popular shopping destination in Dehradun. Apart from that, you can also visit Indira Market to buy menswear, Himalayan Weavers for pashmina and winter wear, The Tibetan Market for knick-knacks, etc.                    

Which are the foods to try in Dehradun?

						Though you can have different cuisines available here, you should not miss the local Garhwali cuisine. Go for Kandalee ka Saag, Aloo ke Gutke, Gahat ki Daal, Gulgula, Kafli, Jhangora ki Kheer, Arsa, etc.                    

Which are places in Dehradun to enjoy with friends?

						If you are on a trip with your friends, you will find several places to enjoy in Dehradun. Visit Lachhiwala, Malsi Deer Park, Fun Valley, Tiger View Jungle Camp, etc.                    

People Also Read
Places To Visit In Thekkady Places To Visit In Bharatpur Best Places To Visit In Ranikhet

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Dehradun, Places To Visit, Uttarakhand

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Chaukhandi Stupa Is An Interesting Spot For Your Next Trip To Varanasi In 2024     Exploring The Mysteries Of Samudra Koop Which Is A Sacred Well In Allahabad To Visit In 2024     A Comprehensive Guide To The Enchanting Beauty Of Dashashwamedh Ghat To Explore In 2024     A Pilgrim’s Guide To Dwarka’s Divine Temple Of Shree Dwarkadhish Temple To Explore In 2024     Experience The Spiritual Splendor Of Kalachakra Temple In Mcleodganj In 2024     A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > India > Uttarakhand»Dehradun» > 8 Best Places To Visit In Dehradun In June Which Are Perfect For A Weekend Getaway!

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found