URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-diu/
Title: 20 Spectacular Places To Visit In Diu In 2023 On Your Trip To Gujarat!
Description: Check out these places to visit in Diu in 2023 if you are headed to Gujarat. The spectacular beaches and monuments will make your visit worthwhile.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        20 Amazing Places To Visit In Diu That Should Be On Your Bucket List In 2024

        ..
        SHARES

        14 Feb  2023

            Written by Ekta Maheshwari 

Nestled amidst the frothy blue waters of the Arabian Sea, the city of Diu used to be a crucial place on the ancient trade route. Offering a number of beaches, monuments and memorials to explore, you will find plenty of places to visit in Diu. Diu is currently the tenth least populated place in India and it is a wonder that this small city offers a bunch of tourist places to explore and visit. Apart from the landmarks and attractions, the city of Diu offers and incredibly copious amount of cultural heritage to explore, which is a result of the intermingling of Indian, Portuguese and English cultures. Further, Diu is blessed with fantastic coastal beauty which also lures tourists from all over the world.
Best Time To Visit Diu

Image Credit: Wikimedia Commons
The ideal time to visit Diu during the monsoon season is considered to be between the months of August and October. Since it’s a beach city, the temperature during the summer season remains quite high. However, it in the summers only that you’ll have the best fun in the city. There are various activities that you can be a part of during this time in Diu. Therefore, you can also visit Diu between March and July to have a great time during the summer season.
20 Best Places To Visit In Diu
Do not miss out on these most-suggested places to visit in Diu during your sightseeing trip or you will have a major FOMO. Each place you’ll visit in Diu are going to make your whole travel experience worthwhile as well as memorable. Put these awesome places to explore in Diu on your itinerary right away so that you are not stuck in a last minute research while compiling your trip plan.

Naida Caves – Explore The Rock Formations
Diu Fort – Must-Visit Place
Nagoa Beach – Laze Around
Gangeshwar Mahadev Temple – Seek Blessings
Ghoghla Beach – Soak In Sun Warmth
Zampa Gateway – Monument Of National Importance
INS Khukri Memorial – Plunge Into The History
Sunset Point – Witness The Changing Hues Of Sky
St. Paul Church – Largest Church In Diu
Sea Shell Museum – See Colorful Seashells
Dinosaur Park – Fun Place For Kids
Simbor Beach – Watch The Waves Clashing
Chakratirth Beach – A Secluded Place
Jallandhar Beach – Go For Water Sports
Gomtimata Beach – Spend Some ‘Me-Time’
Church Of St. Francis Of Assisi – Pay A Visit
Diu Museum – A Restored Church
Hoka Trees – Spend Some Time With Nature
Panikota Fort – The Jail Of Diu
Chapel Of Our Lady Rosary – Admire The Architecture

1. Naida Caves – Explore The Rock Formations

Image Source
These natural cave formations are actually a work of man-made rock modifications over the time by the Portuguese people and served as the base camps for Indian Army during the operation Vijay to reclaim Diu from Portuguese people. These famous tourist places in Diu have various interlinked areas with square-shaped hewn staircases. Naida Caves are located right outside the city boundaries of Diu just 3 km away from the main city and are one of the most famous places to visit in Diu.
Location: Diu, Daman and Diu 362520Timings: 10 AM to 2 PMEntry Fee: FreeHow to reach: Diu Airport is just 9 KM from the caves and travellers can reach here via buses or taxis etc. The caves are located near the bus-stand and many people go on foot. You can arrive at the Una railway station and arrive here via buses or hired conveyance.Best time to visit: Diu is a coastal region that stays hot and windy all year. Summers are hot and humid and monsoons become oppressively humid. Winters span from November to February and are the best time to visit. Average annual temperature is 26 degree Celsius.
Must Read: 5 Best Beach Resorts In Diu For Experiencing Luxury On A Budget

Gujarat Holiday Packages On TravelTriangle

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Scintillating Gujarat Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 12,300
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Gujarat Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 12,500
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Exciting Gujarat Tour Package @ Rs 15,999
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Bestselling Gujarat Tour Pacakges @ Rs 16,499
Best prices guaranteed. EMI option available.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Diu Fort – Must-Visit Place

Image Source
Fort Diu is located right beside the sea or on the sea shore and is one of the most iconic places to visit in Diu. You can enjoy a surreal view of the horizons from the fort and hear the crashing sea waves on the fort walls sending foam to its upper reaches! The lighthouse is closed to the public. The fort was built by the Portuguese people and its jetty is still in use. The fort was once an important entity on the trade route with Cambay, Surat and Bharuch in Gujarat. The parapet has an array of cannons and cannonballs are littered around the entire land surrounding the fort.
Location: Fort Road, near to PWD Office, Diu, Daman and Diu 362520Timings: 8 AM – 6 PMEntry Fee: FreeHow to reach: Diu Airport is just 10 KM from the fort. So, you can come in a bus, taxi or car rental as per your choice. Una is the nearest railway station located at just 12 KM from Diu. You can reach Diu and then Diu Fort via a car, Taxi or bus from the Una Railway Station.Best time to visit: The weather is humid and hot with 26 degrees Celsius being the average annual temperature in Diu. The best time to explore Diu Fort is in winter i.e. November-February when the temperature falls below 20 degree Celsius.
Suggested Read: 52 Intriguing Tourist Places In Ahmedabad For Your Gujarat Getaway
3. Nagoa Beach – Laze Around

Image Source
Nagoa Beach is one of the most famous places to visit in Diu and is home to stunning vast expanses of sand etched with trees and bounded with the warm waters of the Arabian Sea. Nagoa Beach offers the best beach experience in Diu and is home to the rare Hoka Trees, one of the most fascinating Diu sightseeing places. You can enjoy lots of adventure sports in Diu along with thrilling rides on camels and ponies. Sunsets, sunrises, long beach walks, peaceful areas, and local restaurants for enjoying local food, and many luxurious villas in Diu – Nagoa beach is wonderful!
Location: Diu, Daman & DiuTimings: Sunrise and SunsetsEntry Fee: FreeHow to reach: Nagoa Beach is near the Airport and can be reached via public or private conveyance easily. You can arrive at the beach after arriving at the Una Railway Station. Public conveyance or car rentals are easily available.Best time to visit: November to early March is the best time to visit the beach. It is perfect for serene beach outings and you can also enjoy peaceful evenings here.
Suggested Read: Shopping In Gujarat: 10 Incredibly Awesome Places That Will Tempt You To Splurge More!
4. Gangeshwar Mahadev Temple – Seek Blessings

Image Source
Gangeshwar Mahadev Temple is one of the top places to visit in Diu and is very famous among the tourists. River Ganga is the presiding deity of the temple that is supposed to have been built by the Pandavas. The temple is famous for the five SHIV LINGAS. Only their tips are visible and high tide covers them entirely at times. The temple is located in Fudam Village which is just 3 km from Diu. The place has immense religious and historical importance and is located in a scenic location.
Location: Diu, Daman and Diu 362520Timings: 8 AM – 6 PMEntry Fee: FreeHow to reach: Arrive at Diu Airport which is just 5 km from the temple. You can arrive at the temple via public or private conveyance which is easily available. Arrive at the Una Railway Station which is 12 km from Diu and reach Diu via public or private transport. Take an auto or any other conveyance of your choice to reach the temple.Best time to visit: October to May is the best time for the visitors. The average temperature varies from 20 degree Celsius to 26 degree Celsius with warm coastal winds being present throughout the year.
Suggested Read: Top 8 Places To Visit In Gujarat During Monsoon To Enjoy This Season
5. Ghoghla Beach – Soak In Sun Warmth

Image Source
Ghoghla Beach is one of the most famous places to explore in Diu and is famous among the locals and tourists alike. Ghoghla Beach is home to stunning coastal beauty and is a perfect destination for soul-searching as there is no crowd here. You can calmly soak in the warm sun and let the winds waft away your worries and tensions gradually. Out of many other Diu famous places, this beach is clean, has restaurants, offers water sports, and has many famous homestays of Diu.
Location: Diu, Daman & DiuTimings: NAEntry Fee: FreeHow to reach: The beach is just 10 KM away from the airport and can be reached via taxi or auto. Hire a taxi or travel via public buses from Una Railway Station to reach Diu which is just 12 km from the station. From here, you can reach the beach easily by any means of your choice.Best time to visit: Late October to March or early April is the time when the temperature is right and summers are not harsh. You can visit the beach to witness the splendid sunsets and sunrises as well. The temperature varies from 20 degree Celsius to 26 degree Celsius in the winter and early summer. Summers are very hot and humid.
Suggested Read: 10 Best Places To Visit In Gujarat In Summer For An Enthralling Holiday
6. Zampa Gateway – Monument Of National Importance

Image Source
Zampa Gateway is also one of the best places to visit in Diu that has a lot of history associated with it. The bright red construction is a monument of national importance and has an artificial waterfall as well. The monument is thronged by tourists every year. Its walls have paintings of lions, ministers and heavenly attendants. There is a simple chapel as well with a picture of the Virgin Mary and a child that dates back to 1702.
Location: Diu, Daman & DiuTimings: Open 24 hoursEntry Fee: FreeHow to reach: After arriving at the Diu Airport, you can board the public transport or private conveyance to reach the attraction. Disembark at Una Railway Station and then travel to Diu by public or private conveyance which is easily available. You can board a taxi or auto from Diu city to Zampa Gateway.Best time to visit: Late October to April is the best time to visit Diu and Zampa Gateway. Average annual temperature varies from 20 degree Celsius to 26 degree Celsius in colder months. Summers are very hot and the rainy season is very humid.
Suggested Read: 17 Historical Places In Gujarat That Uncover A Legendary Past
7. INS Khukri Memorial – Plunge Into The History

Image Source
INS Khukri Memorial is a monument built commemorating the INS Khukri that sunk during the 1971 war between Pakistan and India. The submarine was shot with torpedoes and started to sink when the 18 officers and 176 sailors on it were issued the orders to save their lives and hand them over to the invaders. However, the officers chose to embrace death rather than surrendering to the enemies. Later the commanding officer Captain Mahendra Nath Mulla was awarded Mahavir Chakra posthumously. The monument stands till date a reminder of the valiant soldiers, and is visited by many tourists every year.
Location: Diu, Daman and Diu 362520Timings: Open 24 hoursEntry Fee: FreeHow to reach: From Diu Airport you can board the public or private transport to reach the Diu city and then arrive at the INS Khukri Memorial. Arrive at Una Railway Station which is 12 KM from Diu. From Diu city, you can reach the memorial via private or public conveyance.Best time to visit: November to March is the best time to visit the memorial. We recommend visiting the memorial during day time. The temperature varies from 20 degree Celsius to 26 degree Celsius in the tourist season.
Suggested Read: 7 Haunted Places In Gujarat That Will Scare You Out Of Your Wits
8. Sunset Point – Witness The Changing Hues Of Sky

Image Source
Sunset Point is also one of the famous places here that is also one of the best places to visit in Diu at night. The sunset point is a hillock located near Chakratirth Beach, and is a dreamy place to witness the surreal beauty of sunset. Waves crashing on the rocks; and rocks merging gradually with the water – the sunset point is a stunning scenery at the time of sunrise and sunset.
Location: Daman and Diu 362570Timings: Open 24 hoursEntry Fee: FreeHow to reach: After arriving at Diu Airport, you can board the public or private conveyance to reach Diu city. From here you can board autos or taxis to Sunset Point. Una Railway Station is the nearest railway station from where you can find private or public vehicles for Diu City or Sunset Point.Best time to visit: October to Late March or April is the best time to visit Diu and Sunset Point. The average annual temperature is 26 degree Celsius with humidity and winds being an annual feature.
Suggested Read: 10 Exciting Things To Do In Saputara To Make Your Gujarat Getaway More Fun!
9. St. Paul Church – Largest Church In Diu

Image Source
St. Paul Church is the largest church in Diu which is also the only functional church here. The building has a stunning architecture and has rich wood carvings, volutes and marvellous exterior. The church is dedicated to Our Lads of Immaculate Conception and was completed in 1601 AD. The church is visited by many tourists all around the year.
Location: Diu, Daman and Diu 362520Timings: 8 AM to 6 PMEntry Fee: FreeHow to reach: Diu Airport is located at a distance of 8 KM and you can reach the church via public or private conveyance.Arrive at Una Railway Station and hire a taxi or auto to reach Diu. From Diu city, you can reach the Church easily via roads.Best time to visit: November to March is the tourist season of Diu. The average annual temperature is 26 degree Celsius with hot and humid summers.
Suggested Read: 17 Famous Festivals In Gujarat To Celebrate  With Joyous Fervor
10. Sea Shell Museum – See Colorful Seashells

Image Source
Sea Shell Museum is one of the top places to visit in Diu that offers an engrossing display of artefacts and objects dating back to the past of Diu. The Sea Shell Museum has a vast collection of different kinds of sea shells and is loved by kids as well. It is an engaging place to visit with your kids and family.
Location: Nagoa Beach Rd, Daman and Diu 362570Timings: 10 AM – 5 PMEntry Fee: FreeHow to reach: The travelers can board the public and private conveyance to reach the museums as they are well-connected via roads. Arrive at Una Railway Station which is 12 KM from Diu. From Diu city, you can reach the memorial via private or public conveyance.Best time to visit: October to April
Suggested Read: 17 Things To Do In Daman That Will Make You Crave For A Vacation At This Tropical Paradise!
11. Dinosaur Park – Fun Place For Kids

Image Source
The Dinosaur Park in Diu is a rather recent addition to the city’s terrain, and it has already turned into a major hit among families with kids and thrill seekers! This ultra innovative themed park for kids is among the best Diu tourist places and features life size dinosaur structures (as well as other prehistoric creatures) along with a large play area for kids without any restrictions on timings. Other than attractions for kids, the park also has a well-paved lane where the parents can relax or take a walk while the kids play.
Location: Near Nagoa Beach, Diu, Daman and Diu 362520Entry fee: INR 20Timings: 10 AM – 6 PMHow to reach: You can take a bus to Nagoa Beach Road bus stand or a taxi to get to this point.Best time to visit: Year-round
Suggested Read: These 16 Best Places To Visit In Daman Will Surely Make You Fall In Love With This Coastal City
12. Simbor Beach – Watch The Waves Clashing

Situated in the village of Simbor in Diu, the pleasant beach of Simbor boasts of unmatched serenity, soothing surroundings, and unparalleled beauty. Other than the sweeping picturesque vistas of the sea and the soft golden sands, the beach also features the Fort St. Anthony of Simbor, an old Portuguese fort that now lies in ruins, but still manages to attract people with its mystical charm and makes this beach one of the best tourist places in Diu.
Location: Simbor village, Diu, GujaratTimings: AnytimeEntry Fee: FreeHow to reach: You will need to hire a cab or bike to reach this beach from anywhere in Diu.Best time to visit: October – February
Suggested Read: 6 Places Near Daman One Must Visit To Enjoy The Paradisiacal Beauty Of The City!
13. Chakratirth Beach – A Secluded Place

The lovable Chakratirth Beach is tucked on a secluded coast just on the outskirts of Diu. Nestled in the midst of serene hills that blend into the Arabian Sea at the base, this tranquil beach is an ideal location for those who wish to soak up the sun on empty shores or take a leisurely swim in these shallow waters. Since the weather remains cool here even in the summers, it’s one of the best places to see in Diu to beat the heat. The beach also has an open-air auditorium with changing rooms set at the nearby hillock.
Location: Khukhari, DiuTimings: AnytimeEntry Fee: FreeHow to reach: You can hire a taxi or bike to reach this beach from anywhere in Diu.Best time to visit: October to March
Suggested Read: 8 Beautiful Villas In Daman That Offer The Best Views Of The Beach!
14. Jallandhar Beach – Go For Water Sports

Image SourceLying 1 km away from the main city of Diu, the sunny Jalandhar Beach got its name from the notorious demon “Jallandhar” and is among the finest places near Diu. Apart from golden sands and pretty views of the ocean, this beach also has a temple and a memorial. The temple located here is dedicated to Goddess Chandrika whereas the memorial nestled on the top of a hill has a stone structure of the demon Jallandhar. But that’s not all that makes it one of the best places to visit in Diu. The beach is also famous for a number of thrilling water sports and even serves as a great location for a private photo shoot.
Location: Diu, Daman and Diu 362520Timings: AnytimeEntry Fee: FreeHow to reach: You can hire a taxi or bike to reach this beach from anywhere in Diu.Best time to visit: November to March
Suggested Read: 10 Hotels In Daman To Enjoy Your Stay In A Luxurious Way
15. Gomtimata Beach – Spend Some ‘Me-Time’

Gomtimata Beach is among the best beaches in Diu and is located in Vanakbara village on the westernmost point of the Diu. It’s one of those Diu famous places that is absolutely secluded and is characterised by its natural white sand, tranquil surroundings, and expansive ocean views which make it perfect for a relaxing stroll, sunbathing, or any other activity you want to engage in during your ‘me-time’. There is also a famous temple located right next to this public beach.
Location: Vanakbara, Gomtimata, Daman and Diu 362570Timings: 6:30 AM – 7:30 PMEntry Fee: FreeHow to reach: You can hire a taxi or bike to reach this beach from anywhere in Diu.Best time to visit: October to April
Suggested Read: 7 Quixotic Homestays In Daman That You Can Opt For An Opulent Stay
16. Church Of St. Francis Of Assisi – Pay A Visit

Image Source
If you’re looking for Diu sightseeing places that can offer a blend of history and architecture, then you must visit the Church Of St. Francis Of Assisi, one of the oldest churches in Diu, Gujarat. It was built in 1593 and later converted into a hospital, before being restored to its marvelous Portuguese-era splendor only recently. As a testament to its long drawn history, it bears sea-spray decay in many parts that is enough to tell visitors how old it is! Its blue-white arches as well as the huge carved wooden altar with images of the Virgin make it one of the most beautiful places to explore in Diu.
Location: Unnamed Road, Gujarat, Diu, Daman and Diu 362520Timings: 7:30 AM – 6:30 PMEntry Fee: NAHow to reach: A taxi or bus in Diu will take you here. You can also avail a shared cab or auto.Best time to visit: Year-round
Suggested Read: 10 Best Resorts In Diu You Must Consider When Looking For Accommodation Options
17. Diu Museum – A Restored Church

Image Source
The Diu Museum is among the most famous Diu tourist places and is a part of the St. Thomas Church which was converted into a museum shortly after it was built in 1598. While the museum part is relatively new and well-kept, the church area has been allowed to restore its former glory and ancient look. You’ll find that the building bears a worn out look and has faded portraits and paintings that the Portuguese had left behind. You’ll also be mesmerised by the beautiful garden path that leads up to the museum, one of the most attractive places to see in Diu.
Location: Diu, Daman and Diu 362520Entry fee: NilTimings: 8 AM – 9 PMHow to reach: A taxi or bus in Diu will take you here. You can also avail a shared cab or auto.Best time to visit: Year-round
Suggested Read: 11 Amazing Diu Hotels That You May Want To Opt For Your Vacation!
18. Hoka Trees – Spend Some Time With Nature

Image Source
The hoka trees are a native plant species of the northern half of Africa and some regions of the Arabian Peninsula. Which is why it always surprises people to find that a certain area of Diu also bears these blooming trees, which is, in fact, one of the most fascinating Diu tourist places! When you’re driving around on your Diu sightseeing tour, you may come across a large population of these trees near the Diu Fort which are easily distinguishable owing to their peculiar structure and beauty. You will even find that the enormous Hoka seed derived from these trees is cooked and consumed by many locals in the Diu and Saurashtra region. In fact, the local ‘Tadi’ is prepared using these seeds.
Location: Near Diu Fort, Diu, GujaratTimings: NAEntry Fee:NAHow to reach: You can take a taxi to Diu Fort and walk to the point where this tree is growing with the help of the signboards.Best time to visit: October to March
Suggested Read: 7 Hotels Near Diu That Ascertain A Pleasant Stay During Your Diu Trip
19. Panikota Fort – The Jail Of Diu

Image Source
Otherwise called as Fortim-Do-Mar, Panikota Fort is a famous Diu jail that is located on an island in the bay of Simbor. The coast was located at a distance of approximately 46 kilometers from Diu. The fort was utilized as a jail post-independence from the Portuguese. As the island is surrounded by water from all sides, it was perfect for inmates as they could not escape. Make sure that you visit it at least once as it is one of the famous places to visit in Diu.
Location: Daman & DiuTimings: 8 AM – 6 PMEntry Fee: FreeHow to reach: The only way to reach Panikota Fort is by taking a ride in a canoe or a motor launch from Diu. This way, you can reach the destination within an hour. Best time to visit: October – April
Suggested Read: 5 Resorts Near Diu For All Those Who Love Basking On The Beach All Day Long!
20. Chapel Of Our Lady Rosary – Admire The Architecture

Image Source
Nestled in Old Moti Daman, the establishment of this church can be dated back to the 17th century which is why it holds great significance and is counted among the best places to visit in Diu. The architecture is a reminiscence of Gothic-style architecture and Portuguese influence. The interior of the church is beautiful with rose-petal shaped roof and tinted glass windows that fill the chapel with beautiful colors in the daylight. 
Location: Diu, Daman and Diu 362520Timings: NAEntry Fee: FreeHow to reach: The Chapel lies on Fort Road in Diu and it can be reached easily via a bike, cab or scooter drive. It is located at an approximate destination of 600 meters from St. Paul’s Church. Best time to visit: Throughout the year 
Further Read: International Kite Festival In Gujarat: Join The Uttarayan Celebrations This January
So, what are you waiting for? Take a note of all the best places to visit in Diu so that you do not have to miss out on a single one of these when you’re on your holiday in Diu. These are the finest attractions and tourist locales for your Diu sightseeing tour that won’t disappoint you or your loved ones!
Disclaimer: TravelTriangle claims no credit for images featured on our blog site unless otherwise noted. All visual content is copyrighted to its respectful owners. We try to link back to original sources whenever possible. If you own the rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear on TravelTriangle, please contact us and they will be promptly removed. We believe in providing proper attribution to the original author, artist or photographer.
Frequently Asked Questions about Places to Visit in Diu

What are the top attractions to visit in Diu?

						Attractions like Naida Caves, Diu Fort, Nagoa Beach, Gangeshwar Mahadev Temple, Ghoghla Beach, Zampa Gateway, INS Khukri Memorial, Sunset Point, St. Paul Church, Sea Shell Museum, Dinosaur Park, etc. are some of the best places to visit in Diu.                     

What are the most popular things to do in Diu with children?

						Here are some experiences that you can enjoy in Diu with children: 1. Enjoy birdwatching 2. Indulge in water activities 3. Explore Naida Caves 4. Enjoy some fun time at Gomtimata Beach                     

Can I visit Diu during the current Covid situation?

						Yes, you can plan a visit to Diu during the current Covid situation. However, make sure that you are completely vaccinated and always carry your vaccination certificate. Besides this, you need to follow government protocols that include wearing a mask when in public, sanitizing hands at certain intervals, and maintaining social distance.                     

Which are the best places to eat in Diu?

						Some of the best places to eat in Diu are: 1. O Coqueiro 2. Apana Foodland 3. Sea View Restaurant 4. Cat's Eye View 5. La Dolce Vita 6. Night Heron Restaurant 7. Ram Vijay                     

What is Diu famous for?

						Diu was a Portuguese settlement till the 90s and was reclaimed by India after that time. It has many beaches, forts, monuments and loads of beauty to explore. There are many places to visit in Diu with friends, family and alone.                     

What is the best time to visit Diu?

						Diu is a coastal place with a humid and warm climate. Winds are constantly blowing and the average temperature stays around 26 degrees Celsius. Summers are hot and humid and monsoons are oppressive. Winters are the best time to visit that stretches from November to March.                     

Are there any beach resorts in Diu?

						There are many beach resorts on popular beaches such as Chakratirth Beach where you can enjoy the stunning horizon views, sunsets, and sunrises and listen to the waves crashing on the beach at all times.                    

How to reach Diu?

						You can reach via flights at Diu Airport. There are many railway stations nearby, but the nearest one is at Una which is just 12 km. Public and private transportation is easily available in Diu.                     

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read:
 Things To Do In Chandigarh   Things To Do In Jodhpur  Things To Do In Shillong

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Gujarat, Places To Visit

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Chaukhandi Stupa Is An Interesting Spot For Your Next Trip To Varanasi In 2024     Exploring The Mysteries Of Samudra Koop Which Is A Sacred Well In Allahabad To Visit In 2024     A Comprehensive Guide To The Enchanting Beauty Of Dashashwamedh Ghat To Explore In 2024     A Pilgrim’s Guide To Dwarka’s Divine Temple Of Shree Dwarkadhish Temple To Explore In 2024     Experience The Spiritual Splendor Of Kalachakra Temple In Mcleodganj In 2024     A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > Places To Visit» > 20 Amazing Places To Visit In Diu That Should Be On Your Bucket List In 2024

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: Attraction: Naida Caves – Explore The Rock Formations

          Attraction: Diu Fort – Must-Visit Place

          Attraction: Nagoa Beach – Laze Around

          Attraction: Gangeshwar Mahadev Temple – Seek Blessings

          Attraction: Ghoghla Beach – Soak In Sun Warmth

          Attraction: Zampa Gateway – Monument Of National Importance

          Attraction: INS Khukri Memorial – Plunge Into The History

          Attraction: Sunset Point – Witness The Changing Hues Of Sky

          Attraction: St. Paul Church – Largest Church In Diu

          Attraction: Sea Shell Museum – See Colorful Seashells

          Attraction: Dinosaur Park – Fun Place For Kids

          Attraction: Simbor Beach – Watch The Waves Clashing

          Attraction: Chakratirth Beach – A Secluded Place

          Attraction: Jallandhar Beach – Go For Water Sports

          Attraction: Gomtimata Beach – Spend Some ‘Me-Time’

          Attraction: Church Of St. Francis Of Assisi – Pay A Visit

          Attraction: Diu Museum – A Restored Church

          Attraction: Hoka Trees – Spend Some Time With Nature

          Attraction: Panikota Fort – The Jail Of Diu

          Attraction: Chapel Of Our Lady Rosary – Admire The Architecture