URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-florida/
Title: 11 Places To Visit In Florida For All The Travelers In 2023!
Description: Take a look at this list of the top places to visit in Florida and choose the best one for your vacation. You’ll find Miami, St. Petersburg, and Orlando.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        11 Places To Visit In Florida That Will Take Your Breath Away In 2024!

        ..
        SHARES

        10 Apr  2023

            Written by Seema Gurnani 

Disney World would strike you first when you hear Florida. But there is more to Florida beyond Disney World. Being the southernmost area of the US, Florida has a range of beaches. Sealand stretches so long that you can enjoy the scenes endlessly. Golf courts over here are also noteworthy. With such a wide range of Everglades National Park and dozens of natural barriers, there is a lot to explore in this Sunshine State. If you are planning a vacation here anytime soon then this list of the best places to visit in Florida would be of immense help. 
11 Places To Visit In Florida
You are missing out a lot if you are not planning to cover these places in Florida. So, check it out and choose what all places you will visit.
1. Orlando

Image Source
Starting with Disney land, Orlando is a city that holds your imagination. Orlando is known to be the heart of Florida. Amongst theme parks that it has, besides Walt Disney World, the Internally known are – Universal Studios and SeaWorld. The city has grown over the years to include large water parks such as Discovery Cove, Typhoon Lagoon and Volcano Bay. People go for the advent of large amusement parks, especially during school holidays. But the crowd here is throughout the year. This area is full of recreational activities and services for the Orlando area, from championship golf courses to elegant shopping centers and large shopping centers. Other nearby attractions include the Kennedy Space Center at Cape Canaveral and the Orlando Science Center.
Days to spend – 2 to 3 daysHighlights – Themed Parks
Must Read: 6 Cruises in Orlando For An Astonishing Journey Through The Sea!

Looking To Book An International Holiday?

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Miami

Image Source
Located in southern Florida, Miami is one of the most beautiful cities in the state. Miami and neighboring Miami Beach are totally distinct. The city is modern that acutely contrasts with a relaxed atmosphere over Miami Beach. South Beach is the most attractive beach in Miami, famous for its Art Deco district and a very trendy pedestrian area. The beach is full of outdoor restaurants imparting sights of seas. Flagler Street in downtown Miami has many historic attractions and Brickell and Design District has many luxury shops and elegant restaurants. The Caribbean influence is found here, and the Overtown area is known for its rich African American history and delicious food. The Vizcaya Museum and the historic stone houses amidst Coconut Grove are worth exploring and staying at.
Days to spend – 3 daysHighlights – Modern City and the relaxing beach
Suggested Read: Christmas In Miami: 12 Fun Activities To Make The Most Of  Winter Celebrations
3. Tampa

Image Source
Tampa’s Ybor City is one of the most historic places where food is a must in the famous Columbia restaurant. Tampa is very popular for its wildlife attractions. Busch Gardens is the most famous giant amusement park connected to the zoo, where there are many things to see and do. Animal lovers can visit the Tampa Zoo at Lowry Park and the Tampa Aquarium, as well as a public observation center with a manatee. Tourists can also visit Big Cat Rescue, a sanctuary for abused and abandoned cats, including lions, tigers, jaguars and more. Families with younger children will love to spend the time in Glazer Children’s Museum. The museum is great for learning through creative fun, and the whole family will enjoy it all together. The Museum of Science and Industry lets you explore the world of technology with live shows at the IMAX Theater.
Days to spend – 1 -2 daysHighlights – Museum and live shows
Suggested Read: 15 Florida Beaches: Visit For Unlimited Fun And Entertainment
4. Destin

Image Source
Destin is a city in northwest Florida, on a peninsula that separates the Gulf of Mexico and the Gulf of Choctawhatchee. Destin is famous for its beautiful beaches with fine white sand, many wonderful golf courses, and fantastic fishing. You can fish a lot here. Fish eaters are really going to enjoy the meal over here. Feel the city walking along the Destin Harbor waterfront. Head to Henderson Beach State Park to see the dense dunes and the trees. If you are carrying younger ones along with you, they will definitely love the variety of slides, pools, and waterfalls in the huge Big Kahuna’s water park. Visit the Destin History and Fishing Museum to learn about the importance of fishing for Destin. The Fort Walton is an archaeological site, built by the Pensacola tribe in 850 A.D. The fort is beautiful to explore.
Days to spend – 1 -2 daysHighlights – Fishing and forts with historic importance
Suggested Read: 10 Family Beach Resorts In Florida: For A Perfect Family Vacay In The US
5. St. Petersburg

Image Source
The place is full of bays with crystal clear water and clean beaches. Visitors are tourists, are seen to be traveling from across the globe, only to escape themselves to the sea and the cool climate. Some unique places to visit in Florida are St. Petersburg Docks, shops, and restaurants on the Johns Pass pier, the ancient atmosphere of the historic Pass-a-Grille and the soft sand on the Indian Rocks Beach. Clearwater is also a popular tourist destination. Clearwater is also a popular tourist destination. St. Petersburg has many cultural attractions such as the Dali Museum and Morean Art Center. One of the most popular things to do during a visit to St. Petersburg is a boat trip from dolphins to destinations, from ecotourism to recreational cruises. Nature lovers will love many peaceful places such as Caladesi Island State Park.
Days to spend – 1 -2 daysHighlights – Islands and Docks
Suggested Read: 7 Lively Jacksonville Festivals You Must Attend During Your Trip To Florida

Planning your holiday but confused about where to go? These travel stories help you find your best trip ever!

Ramya Narrates The Story Of 6 Girls On An Extraordinary Trip To Thailand
Bangkok. Phi Phi. Krabi. Why should guys have all the fun?
Read More

Sandeep Illustrates On The Best Activities For A Family Trip To Mauritius
Water sports. Cocktail parties. And unlimited fun at Casela.
Read More

Nisarg Can't Stop Praising His Honeymoon Trip To Maldives
There was snorkeling, sightseeing, luxury, comfort, & much more!
Read More

Sabyacsachi's Romantic Trip Proves Europe To Be The Mother Of All Vacations
For Art, Culture, Luxury, & more...
Read More

Srishti Talks Of Her Amazing Trip To Singapore With Her Mother & Niece
A fun-filled destination for ages indeed!
Read More

67-Year Old Sridhar Tells How He Beat The Odds & Took A Solo Trip To Dubai
Desert safari. Burj Khalifa. Welcoming locals. Tell me more!
Read More

Not Adventure Lovers? Saurabh's Family Trip Proves Hong Kong To Still Be Full Of Fun
Your kids will love Disney Land & Ocean Park!
Read More

Ravi's Tale Of A Sri Lanka Family Tour Is All You Need To Know About Ramayana Tour
For the love of Ramayana & Travel!
Read More

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

6. Daytona

Image Source
The southern tip of the continental United States, has a special occasion, with ancient architecture and lenses. This beautiful and relaxing city is known to be home to many famous writers, including Robert Frost, Tennessee Williams, and Ernest Hemingway. This position is richer in a culture that includes influences on many Caribbean islands that engage the region with an active attitude, interesting architecture and diverse cuisine. Key West is also a famous cruise port, full of fun and attractions. Duval Street is an important tourist area with boutiques, souvenir shops, restaurants, and even historic houses. One of the main attractions of the city is the ruins of the museum, which explains the long history of humanitarian aid in the area and the Key West aquarium. Those interested in marine ecology will want to visit the Dry Tortugas National Park, which includes the seven coral islands that make up the islands.
Days to spend – 1 -2 daysHighlights – Marine Life
Suggested Read: 6 Places Near Jacksonville That You Ought To Visit On Your Florida Trip
7. Fort Myers & Fort Myers Beach

Image Source
Fort Myers Center is full of attractions. Families will appreciate the IMAG History and Science Center, which includes dozens of practical exhibitions; exciting interactions with wildlife, including the ability to touch crocodiles; Fort Myers in 3D virtual reality. Fort Myers Beach is located on the edge of the Estero island, separated from the mainland by a narrow inland waterway and connected by a bridge. The wide beach is known as the perfect place to watch the dolphins playing in the water and full of well-known resorts that are popular with families, couples and celebrities. Fort Myers also attracts many New England baseball fans who come to the Red Sox spring training game and hope to accidentally see their favorite sports heroes throughout the city.
Days to spend – 1 -2 daysHighlights – History and Science Centre
Suggested Read: The New Guitar Shaped Hotel In Florida Will Pluck The Strings Of Your Imagination
8. Fort Lauderdale

Image Source
Located 28 miles north of Miami, on the southeast coast of Florida, Fort Lauderdale is a popular tourist destination. The best place to start exploring the fort is with a long, wide walk along the ocean. Along the ocean around the Fort are elegant outdoor restaurants, lively bars, fashion boutiques, and luxury hotels participate. Explore the fort by paying a visit to the Stranahan House. The house is in existence since 1901, which is also the oldest building known that is still standing in Fort Lauderdale. Towards the fort lays an International Swimming Hall of Fame. Do take a trip or boat a trip around Hugh Taylor Birch Park and visit the Fort Lauderdale Art Museum to see what local artists are doing.
Days to spend – 1 dayHighlights – A fort itself with added external beauties
Suggested Read: 5 World Famous Music Festivals In Florida You Should Attend
9. Sanibel Island

Image Source
Sanibel Island is located off the west coast of Florida as an important barrier island, connected to Fort Myers via a dike. Sanibel is famous for its luxury resorts that are popular with families, celebrities and couples. In addition to generous amenities in every resort, tourists will not miss activities, from adventures at sea to daily shopping in boutiques and galleries of Sanibel. One of the most interesting aspects of Sanibel and Captiva is devotion to conservation, a mission which means protecting the condition of the peninsula and creating organizations such as the Sanibel Sea School and the Sanibel-Captiva Conservation Foundation. Many resorts also have their own programs run by naturalists to educate tourists about the delicate ecosystems and stunning nature. There are plenty of turtles, manatees and hundreds of bird species and dolphins play in nearby waters.
Days to spend – 2 daysHighlights – Beaches and islands
Suggested Read: 15 Best Things To Do In Tampa For An Indelible Vacation In The Cigar City Of Florida
10. Naples

Image Source
The southernmost city along the Florida Gulf Coast is Naples, an exclusive area with an ancient historic center and beautiful beach sections. A mixture of elegant houses and high condominium towers stands along the ocean, but the city center still maintains the atmosphere of a small town. Napoli ‘Third St. South and 5th Avenue South is home to the most fashionable restaurants, art galleries, and boutiques. A visit to the Naples pier, the city’s most loved landmark, is a must for tourists and an ideal place to see dolphins without riding a boat. In addition to the reputation of exclusive golf resorts, Naples has several historic sights and unique natural parks. The Everglades Visitor Center on the Gulf Coast is the only free access point to the national park and visitors can take a boat trip or rent a kayak or visit the mangrove river and see the extraordinary nature of the region.
Days to spend – 2 – 3 daysHighlights – National Parks
Suggested Read: 10 Islands In Florida Perfect For Those Seeking Offbeat Experiences
11. Pensacola

Image Source
As the name suggests, the city is often referred to as beautiful miles of gentle beaches, sandy beaches, and many tourists. West Palm Beach is also home to many family gatherings with animals. West Palm Beach in Lake Worth, that is interior to Palm Beach, has many worth visiting museums and many fashionable and elegant restaurants. The South Florida Science Center and Manatee Lagoon offers visitors the opportunity to see this kind of giant. However, marine animals do not attract attention: the zoo and conservatory in Palm Beach are home to 700 animals from habitats around the world and as an educational zoo and giraffe station and relax in a water playground. The museums there include family activities, museums, and several performing arts companies.
Days to spend – 1-2 daysHighlights – Museums
Further Read: The Underwater Museum Off Florida Coast Is One Of Its Kind & You Need To Snorkel Your Way There
Besides the above-mentioned, one of the other parks nearby is the Sanctuary Swamp Corkscrew. Each one of these places is variably known for its ancient evergreen forests, and the Fakahatchee Strand State Park, which hosts ghosts of orchids and other rare and endangered plants and animals. In addition to entertainment and leisure, Florida has a rich history and a cultural past where peaceful natives, Spanish invaders, hijackers, and Caribbean generations have influenced life, making it a very interesting and diverse place to visit. So without thinking more, plan your USA getaway with TravelTriangle straight away whether with your family or friends. Make sure that you cover most of these places to visit in Florida.
Disclaimer: TravelTriangle claims no credit for images featured on our blog site unless otherwise noted. All visual content is copyrighted to its respectful owners. We try to link back to original sources whenever possible. If you own the rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear on TravelTriangle, please contact us and they will be promptly removed. We believe in providing proper attribution to the original author, artist or photographer.
Please Note: Any information published by TravelTriangle in any form of content is not intended to be a substitute for any kind of medical advice, and one must not take any action before consulting a professional medical expert of their own choice.
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Florida

What is Florida is famous for?

						Florida is well-known for its theme parks and exotic beaches which attracts millions every year and still surprises many travelers with its beauty.                    

Which is the best city to live in Florida?

						Florida as in whole is cool to live in. However, to name the best ones, these are the some of the best cities to live in – Pensacola, Tampa, Orlando.                    

What’s the most beautiful place in Florida?

						Although it is difficult to point out one beautiful place in Florida, Sanibel Island is most of the times said to be one of the most beautiful places to explore here.                    

What do you need to know about Florida before visiting?

						Florida has more toll roads and bridges than any other state in the Union.                    

What food is Florida famous for?

						Some of the most famous foods in Florida are Florida Orange Juice, Key lime pie, The Cuban Sandwich, Conch Fritters, Florida Stone Crab, Strawberries/Strawberry Shortcake, Craft Beer and Apalachicola Oysters.                    

What is the cheapest city in Florida to live in?

						Palm Coast and Orlando are said to be the cheapest cities to live in Florida. So, if you are on a tight budget, you might want to consider one of these cities.                    

What is the best time to visit Florida?

						The best time to visit Florida is From April to May and September to November as the temperature dips down a bit, making it a beautiful weather for sightseeing.                    

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read
Places To Visit In Paris Places To Visit In London Places To Visit in New York

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Florida, Places To Visit, USA

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Chaukhandi Stupa Is An Interesting Spot For Your Next Trip To Varanasi In 2024     Exploring The Mysteries Of Samudra Koop Which Is A Sacred Well In Allahabad To Visit In 2024     A Comprehensive Guide To The Enchanting Beauty Of Dashashwamedh Ghat To Explore In 2024     A Pilgrim’s Guide To Dwarka’s Divine Temple Of Shree Dwarkadhish Temple To Explore In 2024     Experience The Spiritual Splendor Of Kalachakra Temple In Mcleodganj In 2024     A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > USA» > 11 Places To Visit In Florida That Will Take Your Breath Away In 2024!

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found