URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-jodhpur/
Title: 42 Places To Visit In Jodhpur On A Trip In 2023 (With Images)
Description: Here is the list of top places to visit in Jodhpur that cannot be missed by anyone who loves history, culture, and most importantly the royal vibe.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        Top 42 Places To Visit In Jodhpur That You Just Can’t Afford To Miss In 2024

        ..
        SHARES

        28 Feb  2023

            Written by Nidhi Lyall 

Embellished with innumerable imprints of chivalry, architectural prowess, and natural beauty, Jodhpur tourist places invite you to behold the charisma of the past. Founded in 1459 A.D. by Rao Jodha, the city treats its tourists with the grandeur of the past by offering them several options for sightseeing in Jodhpur. If you are passionate about enjoying a sneak peek into the bygone era, visit Jodhpur. Amongst much-preferred places to visit in Jodhpur are palaces, forts, shrines, museums, and gardens that articulate erstwhile excellence.
42 Best Places To Visit In Jodhpur
Here, we present you the top 42 tourist places in Jodhpur that speak leaps and bounds about this magnificent jewel to the crown of Rajasthan Jodhpur, the Blue City of India, is amazing place for a holiday in Rajasthan. Let’s have a closer look at these places and what makes them so special:
Mehrangarh Fort Jaswant Thada Umaid Bhavan Palace Mandore Gardens Osian Temples Rao Jodha Desert Rock Park Ghanta Ghar Bishnoi Village Kaylana Lake Tripolia Market Balsamand Lake Chand Baori Rai Ka Bag Palace Toorji Ka Jhalra Trophy Bar Raas Haveli Phool Mahal Mahamandir Om Banna Temple Chamunda Mata Temple Umaid Heritage Art SchoolSplash Water ParkMasuriya Hill GardenShastri CircleRanisar PadamsarFun WorldSardar MarketKhejarla FortMachia Biological ParkFlying FoxNirali DhaniTakhat Sagar LakeSardar Samand LakeOn The RocksUmed Garden ZooArna JharnaGuda LakeMishrilal Lassi ValaKhichan Bird SanctuaryDhawa Doli Wildlife Sanctuary Phalodi Jodhpur
1. Mehrangarh Fort

Image Source
Amongst the best Jodhpur tourist places to visit, it was built around 1460 A.D. by Rao Jodha, Mehrangarh Fort is listed among the most magnificent hill forts of Rajasthan. No wonder, it is one of the best places to visit in Jodhpur, Rajasthan. Standing almost 100 feet above the city skyline, the fort is built so flawlessly that you won’t be able to make out where the hill ends and the walls begin making it one of the best places to see in Jodhpur. Unbeatable and impressive, this grandeur in red sandstone is wrapped in an eccentric beauty. 
Needless to say, when travellers look forward to the most remarkable tourist attractions in Jodhpur, this fort is the foremost choice. Its huge, thick walls surprise you with grand palaces inside that are ornamented with intricate carvings. The colossal structure also boasts of a museum that displays fascinating and precious artworks of great historical value. One of the most beautiful things to see in Jodhpur, Mehrangarh Fort invites you to an experience of a lifetime with its several cultural festivals such as the annual Rajasthan International Folk Festival in October and the World Sufi Spirit Festival in February. So, while making your list of Jodhpur tourist attractions, missing out on this splendour in stone is a No-No. 
Entry fee: 

International Tourists (Includes the Audio) – INR 600 per person
Domestic Tourists – INR 70 per person

Opening hours: 9:00 am to 5:00 pmFast fact: Mehrangarh Fort in Jodhpur is a popular site for movies’ sets. It was one of the locations to shoot the movie – The Dark Knight Rises, released in June 2012. Built in: 1459 Built by: Jodhpur Royal Family

Rajasthan Holiday Packages On TravelTriangle 

Riveting Udaipur Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Jaisalmer & Jodhpur Rajasthan 4D/3N Package @ Rs 10,999
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Rajasthan Tour For Adventure Lovers 5D/4N @ Rs 12,330
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Exquisite Rajasthan Tour 6D/5N Package @ Rs 15,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Romantic Rajasthan Tour Package 11D/10N @ Rs 28,000
Best prices guaranteed. EMI option available.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

10 Best Hotels In Jodhpur: Heritage, Luxury, & Budget Stays
2. Jaswant Thada

Image Source
Your Mehrangarh visit is coupled with a trip to Jaswant Thada that is certainly amongst the best Jodhpur tourist places to visit. Standing adjacent to Mehrangarh Fort, this is a cluster of majestic cenotaphs in white marble. Built in 1899 A.D. in memory of Maharaja Jaswant Singh II, the main cenotaph of these holds portraits of various Rathore rulers. While visiting places in Jodhpur, at this place, you will feel tranquillity all around. Also, you will realize that it is more of a temple where deceased rulers are worshipped. 
Also known as the Taj Mahal of Marwar, the carvings of this monument are beautifully intricate. A spectacular multi-level garden, a pond, and exquisitely carved gazebos manifold its charm. Visit it on a sunny day to behold its beauty in full bloom. When it is kissed by sun rays, the extremely thin marble sheets, of which it is made up, glow golden. Make a wish here. Locals believe that the monument grants your wishes. 
Entry fee:

International Tourists (Includes the audio): INR 30 per person
Domestic Tourists: INR 15 per person

Opening hours: 9:00 am to 5:00 pmFast fact: The Pond of the Gods at Jaswant Thada, is known to be the traditional cremation ground for the Jodhpur royals. Built in: 1899 Built by: Maharaja Sardar Singh
3. Umaid Bhavan Palace

Image Source
Umaid Bhavan Palace is one of the visited places in Jodhpur when it comes to witnessing the luxurious side of the city. Step into scrumptious luxury at Umaid Bhavan Palace Jodhpur – a celebrated destination when it comes to famous places in Jodhpur. Among the largest private residences on the globe, this palace is named after Maharaja Umaid Singh, grandfather of the current owner Gaj Singh. Crowned with several features that make it an exquisite structure, the palace has 347 rooms and a part of it is operated by the Taj Group of Hotels. 
One of the best places to see in Jodhpur, this palace holds a prominent position among places to see in Jodhpur. A museum is also housed in a part of this magnificent structure. Don’t miss to see its galleries housing various regal items, one gallery dedicated to displaying a variety of an item. For instance, a gallery showcases a host of royal clocks and one of those displays royal vintage cars. Make sure, you visit the grandeur spread in every nook and corner of this palace. So, if you wish to see the best tourist attractions of Rajasthan, make sure to plan a vacay to Jodhpur and explore this magnificent spot. 
Entry fee:

Umaid Bhawan Palace: International Tourists – INR 50 per person / Domestic Tourists – INR 25
Umaid Bhawan Palace Museum: International Tourists – INR 100 / Domestic Tourists- INR 30 (per adult), INR 10 (per child)

Opening hours:

Umaid Bhawan Palace: 9:00 am to 5:00 pm (Sunday to Saturday)
Umaid Bhawan Palace Museum: 10:00 am to 5:00 pm (Monday to Saturday)

Fast fact: Once upon a time Jodhpur, erstwhile Marwar was hit by famine in the 1920s. People approached Maharaja Umaid Singh for help. To provide employment to people, he generously commissioned a new palace. The venture resulted in helping people survive the tough time and emerged as a symbol of hope in times of trouble. Thus, the palace was built for a noble cause. Built in: 1943 Built by: Umaid Singh
20 Things To Do In Rajasthan That Make It The Ultimate Vacation Destination

Planning your holiday in Rajasthan but confused about what to do? These Rajasthan travel stories help you find your best trip ever! 

Bhavya Gives An Extensive Account Of His Jaisalmer Trip With Friends
Desert safari, haunted Kuldhara village, & Gadisar Lake. There's more...
Read More

Regina Talks About Her Short Trip From Delhi To Jaipur With Her Friend
There's no dearth of the tourist places here. Wanna know more?
Read More

Kunal Went On A Family Trip To Jaisalmer & Got Lost In Its Royal Grandeur
Rang Mahal, boating in Gadisar Lake, & Sam sand dunes. Wow!
Read More

Anuj Went Against All Conventions & Took A Romantic Trip To Rajasthan
For a taste of Rajputana splendor - Jaipur, Udiapur, & Mt Abu
Read More

Sourabh Talks About His Short Romantic Trip To Jaipur With His Wife
Enjoy the rich past, culture, & picturesque palaces!
Read More

Rahul Jain Elaborates On A Short Romantic Trip To Rantambore National Park
To catch the tigers and Sambar deer in their full glory!
Read More

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

4. Mandore Gardens

Image Source
Mandore Gardens is one of the most beautiful places to visit in Jodhpur city. Jodhpur sightseeing is incomplete without visiting these gardens. Brimming with cenotaphs, old temples, and several other Madore Garden is another wonderful destination to take you for a trip back in time. The hall of heroes, dedicated to Rajput folk heroes and several deities, stands close to the cenotaphs. Their statues are carved in stone and flamboyant. The Shrine of the Three Hundred Million Gods is another attraction of this garden. Climb up the hill to have a look at the ruined city of Mandore with its old palace. And, beware of langur monkeys in this garden. They play around in hordes. 
Entry fee: NoneOpening hours:

Garden:  8:00 am to 8:00 pm (Sunday to Saturday)
Museum: 9:00 am to 6:00 pm (Saturday to Thursday)

Fast fact: Mandore Garden is not just a garden but a complete all-in-one package for ardent tourists. Amidst serene garden setting, it offers you an opportunity to explore breathtaking memorials, an artistic temple, and a host of langur monkeys at play (just in case, you want some fun elements added to your visit). Built in: 1793 Built by: Maharaja Ajit Singh
5. Osian Temples

Image Source
For one of the best Jodhpur sightseeing experiences, here’s another on the list of places to visit in Jodhpur and around is Osian. This destination awaits you at a distance of 65 km from Jodhpur in the ancient desert town of Osian. Baptized as Osian Temples, these 15 beautifully sculpted Hindu and Jain temples invite you. Hailing from the 7th and 8th centuries, these sacred places prove the architectural proficiency of ancient India. Make sure that you visit Sun Temple here with other famous places in Jodhpur as it is the oldest of all. 
Entry fee: NA Opening hours: From early morning to evening Fast fact: Enclosed within golden sand dunes and small villages, Osian offers the perfect setting to enjoy a camel safari in the desert. Don’t miss out on this fun-filled trip. Built in: 783 A.D Built by: Pratihar Raja Vaasta
Amidst Majestic Palaces & Vibrant Culture, Our Family Trip To Rajasthan Was A Royal Retreat 
6. Rao Jodha Desert Rock Park

Image Source
Spread over 72 hectares of land, the Rao Jodha Desert Rock Park in Jodhpur is a park near the Mehrangarh Fort. The park was created in 2006 to restore the ecology of a rocky area and encourage the greenery around it. The Park features more than 80 different plant species from the popular Thar Desert. Rao Jodha Desert Rock Park is one of the most peaceful places to visit in Jodhpur. Take a stroll through the park and enjoy the rawness of desert vegetation for the best Jodhpur sightseeing experience. 
Entry fee:

INR 30 per adult
INR 10 per student

Opening hours: Sunday to Saturday – 9:00 hours to 5:25 pmFast fact: The park sits on an outcrop of a volcanic rock which is in the form of vertical columns. This unique characteristic of sight has won it the title of National Geological Monument. Built In: 2006Built by: NA
7. Ghanta Ghar

Ghanta Ghar, popularly known as Clock Tower is one of the most popular places to visit in Jodhpur. Located next to Sardar Market, this Ghanta Ghar was built by Maharaja Sardar Singh when he reigned in the area during the early 1900s. The place is frequently visited by travellers due to its proximity to the popular market.  
Entry fee: NoneOpening hours: 10:00 am to 8:00 pmFast fact: The tower was commissioned by Maharaja Sardar Singh during his reign here.  Built in: 1880 – 1911 Built by: Maharaja Sardar Singh
Suggested Read: The Best Of Adventure & Royalty: Our Epic Family Trip To Rajasthan 
8. Bishnoi Village

Another interesting thing to explore in Jodhpur is planning a visit to Bishnoi Village. It is among the best places to see in Jodhpur. The village is known for its cultural activities and you can enjoy camel trek, cane spotting, desert excursion, village walk, etc. You must check out the amazing art and handicraft collection here.   
Entry fee: Free entry Opening hours: 9:00 am to 5:00 pmFast fact: You will be catching a glimpse of real Marwar culture. Built in: 1888 Built by: Guru Jambheshwar
9. Kaylana Lake

Kaylana Lake is one of the most beautiful artificial lakes that is located in the west of Jodhpur. The lake is spread over an area of 84 square kilometres and welcomes visitors throughout the year. It is one of the best Jodhpur places to visit for a fun vacay.   
Entry fee: No entry fee Opening hours: 8:00 am to 6:00 pmFast fact: The lake was constructed by Pratap Singh and was the hunting ground back then. Built in: 1872 Built by: Pratap Singh
11 Jaisalmer Resorts To Stay For Experiencing Rajasthani Lifestyle 
10. Tripolia Market

If you wish to buy some exclusive Jodhpuri style outfits and footwear then do head to Tripolia Market. Listed among the best places to visit in Jodhpur for shopping, you can check out some really amazing collections of batik sarees, wooden handicrafts, metal accessories here. Visiting this popular market is one of the best things to do in Jodhpur.  
Entry fee: None Opening hours: 10:00 am to 10:00 pm Fast fact: Don’t forget to bargain here as the prices are usually quite high for visitors.Built in: NABuilt by: NA
11. Balsamand Lake

If you are looking for a perfect getaway from Jodhpur city then Balsamand Lake is located at a distance of 5 kilometers from the main city and is known for offering scenic beauty. The place is located amidst the lush green ambiance and the stunning royal pathways enhances the beauty of this place.  
Entry fee: No entry fee Opening hours: 5:30am to 6:30 pmFast fact: The lake was constructed in the year 1159 by Balak Rao Parihar Built in:1159 AD Built by: Gurjara-Pratihara rulers
21 Best Hotels In Jaipur For Enjoying A Princely Stay In The Pink City 
12. Chand Baori

Chand Baori is a famous step well of Jodhpur that was established in the 9th century. This stunning step well is amongst the world’s largest step well and lures travelers with its distinctive features. The step well is 64 feet deep and has 13 floors, making it the biggest stepwell in India. This is quite popular among Jodhpur tourist places. 
Entry fee: INR 40 per person Opening hours: 24 hours Fast fact: The step well was built by King Chanda to meet the daily needs of the residing locals. Built in: 9th century  Built by: King Chanda
13. Rai Ka Bag Palace

Rai ka bag palace is located in the old city of Jodhpur and is visited by almost every visitor. It the the oldest attraction of this city and lures travelers with its exquisite beauty. The palace was constructed by royal queen in 1663. It is among the famous places to see in Jodhpur.  
Entry fee: No entry fee  Opening hours: 24 hours Fast fact: It was the favourite spot of Raja Jaswant Singh who reigned in the area during that time. Built in: 1663 Built by: Hadiji
12 Best Places That Exemplify The Nightlife In Jaipur 
14. Toorji Ka Jhalra

Another popular step well in Jodhpur is Toorji ka jhalra. The step well plays a significant role during the festival of Gangaur, which is a women’s festival. Currently, there are numerous shops and cafes at the spot, making it one of the most popular places to see in Jodhpur. 
Entry fee: No entry fee Opening hours: 24 hours Fast fact: The magnificent infrastructure of this step well exhibits the true Rajasthani-style architecture. Built in: 1740 Built by: Maharaja Abhay Singh’s Consort
15. Trophy Bar

If you are looking for a looking for a luxuriating dinner spot in the city then don’t forget to head to Trophy Bar. The interesting sports theme of this place makes it one of its kind. As it is located in Umaid Bhawan Palace, you will be catching the true glimpse of royal Rajasthani culture here. The place is known to serve the best an authentic Jodhpuri cuisine. This is one of the most popular Jodhpur tourist places offering a quality time. 
Price: INR 10,000 for twoOpening hours: 11:00 am to 11:00 pm
10 Reasons Why Jaipur Is One Of The Most Romantic Cities In The World 
16. Raas Haveli

Another most popular Jodhpur places to visit is Raas Haveli that offers multi-cuisine dine-in options including the delicious Mediterranean cuisine. If you are willing to eat something really healthy and fresh then don’t miss out having a meal here.
 Price: INR 6,000 for two Opening hours: 24 hours Must-try: Rajasthani Thali
17. Phool Mahal

Image Source
Phool Mahal, also known as Palace of Flowers, is one of the most beautiful places to see in Jodhpur. The palace was built by Maharaja Abhay Singh where female dancers used to entertain him. The rooms of the mahal are so charming that you will be left in awe! The palace is made in the shape of a flower and is decorated with gold. While going for Jodhpur sightseeing, make sure you visit this. Entry fee: INR 20 (Indians), INR 250 (International) Opening hours: 9:00 am to 5:00 pm Fast fact: The palace is an exclusive part of Mehrangarh fort. Built in: 18th century Built by: Maharaja Abhaya Singh
20 Best Rooftop Restaurants In Jaipur That Redefine The Nightlife Of The Pink City 
18. Mahamandir

Image Source
One of the best places to see in Jodhpur is Mahamandir temple. The temple is carved with 84 pillars that are the main reason for attracting so many tourists to the temple. Apart from marveling at its beauty, you can seek prayers at the temple and have a peaceful experience. 
Entry fee: Free Opening hours: Open 24 hours Fast fact: The temple has 84 pillars that are very fascinating Built in: 1812Built by: NA
19. Om Banna Temple

Image Source
Pali is a city in Jodhpur that is a famous place amongst the locals as well as tourists. In pali, there is a very popular temple which goes by the name bullet baba temple. Om Banna Temple, originally, has a story wherein a traveler who was riding a Royal Enfield on NH65 passed away at that site. In his memory and for a safe journey while traveling by NH65, people made a temple in his name. The temple comprises of a bike instead of a deity and people offer their worship to the bike. You won’t find such a unique temple anywhere else. So, make sure you visit it during your trip. 
Entry fee: Free Opening hours: Open 24 hours Fast fact: The temple is very famous amongst the travelers who ride a Royal Enfield
Top 39 Things To Do In Jaipur: Exploring The Pink City All Over Again
20. Chamunda Mata Temple

Image Source
Chamunda Mata temple is very significant to the culture of the city and for the people of Jodhpur. Located at the end of Mehrangarh fort, the temple offers beautiful views and is known to save the city from all the troubles. It is said that the kings and queens used to visit the temple for daily offerings. It is one of the must-visit tourist places in Jodhpur for a peaceful vacation. 
Entry fee: Free Opening hours: Open 24 hours Fast fact: The temple dates back to the time of rulers of the city Built in: 1416-1489 Built by: Rao Jodha
21. Umaid Heritage Art School

Image Source
If you are keen to learn some art, then you should head to this art school located in Jodhpur. It is an art gallery as well as a school for learning art. Here you will get to witness the traditional art form of Rajasthan. The good part is that popular artists are linked with the school and you can learn painting, sketching, in Rajasthani style. The school is run by renowned artist Mr Vijay Raj. 
Entry fee: NoneOpening hours: 11:00 am to 9:00 pm Fast Fact: You can learn some nice artistic techniques here Built in: NABuilt By: NA
Be A Part Of Marwar Festival In Jodhpur – A Celebration Of Rajputana Valor 
22. Sardar Government Museum

Image Source
Located in Umaid Bagh, Sardar Government Museum is one of the best tourist places in Jodhpur. This government museum offers an insight into the history of Jodhpur. You will find things like weapons, old sculptures, paintings and more that speak of the royal times of the city. The museum is segregated into four sections – archaeological, armoury, history and arts. You can visit them one by one and have a heartwarming experience. 
Entry Fee: No entry fee Opening hours: 9:45 am to 5:15 pm Fast fact: Witness the history of Jodhpur Built in: 1909 Built by: Henry Vaughan Lanchester
23. Splash Water Park

Image Source
If you want to escape the hustle and bustle of the city and want to experience something new, exciting and refreshing. the splash water park offers various rides that will enthrall you up from head to toe. It attracts a lot of visitors from the city and is located in its vicinity. So, on your next holiday with your family you can consider visiting this famous Jodhpur tourist place.  
Entry fee: INR 250Opening hours: 10:00 am to 8:00 pm Fast fact: Beat the heat of Jodhpur at the fun rides Built in: 1321-1325 AD Built by: Ghiyasu’d-Din Tughlaq
Umaid Bhawan Palace Jodhpur: A Royal Home Where You Can Tie The Knot! 
24. Masuriya Hill Garden

Image Source
Located on the top of Masuriya hills, this garden is known for offering a 360-degree view of the city of Jodhpur that anybody would die for. Moreover, it offers lush greenery and an abundance of flora. In the garden, you will also find a statue of Veer Durgadas Rathore who was one of the revolutionaries in the Marwari community. Undoubtedly, it is one of the best tourist places in Jodhpur.  
Entry fee: No entry fee Opening hours: 7:00 am to 9:00 pm Fast fact: The garden is dedicated to a hero of Marwari community
25. Shastri Circle

Image Source
You might be thinking what to do on the last day of your trip, when you have covered everything and there is less time before you catch your flight/train. Well, Shastri Circle is another famous Jodhpur tourist places that comes into the scene in such cases. It is a hangout place for the locals where you will find a playground for children, various eateries and a fountain that offers light and sound shows. 
Entry fee: No entry fee Opening hours: Open 24 hours Fast fact: Light and sound shows
With These Top 4 Adventure Sports In Jodhpur, Challenge Your Inner Daredevil!
26. Ranisar Padamsar: Lake Sisters

Image Source
The two famous lakes are located at the other end of the fort. This is what you will get to know about these two beautiful places in Jodhpur. These lakes were of very good use in the old times as they were the source of water in those times for the people. Representing the ancient water systems, the lakes provide a scenic view and tranquillity and is among the best places to see in Jodhpur.  
Entry fee: No entry fee Opening hours: Open 24 hours Fast fact: Watch the old water system Built in: NABuilt by: Queen Jasmade Hadi
27. Fun World

Image Credit –
Immortal Shots for Pexels A complete family entertainment place, Fun World is one of the best places to visit in Jodhpur. It is one of a kind resort in Jodhpur equipped with facilities and amenities for a fun day out. The luxury resort houses 50 rooms and provides a peaceful and fresh environment for you to relax. The waterpark has a big swimming pool while the amusement park has amazing water slides. Head here for one of a kind experience with your closed ones. 
Entry fee: INR 500Opening hours: 10:00 am to 8:00 pmFast fact: Experience thrill on different kinds of slide
Nightlife In Jodhpur: 6 Ways Of Savoring Its Real Essence
28. Sardar Market

Image Credit –
Acred for Wikimedia Sardar market is among the popular tourist places in Jodhpur for all the shopaholics. It is named after Maharaja Sardar Singh. Selling wide variety of items like silver jewellery, spices, pottery, vegetables, local fabrics, it is one of the busiest markets in Jodhpur. Not only can you shop here, but you can also try local food items. 
Entry fee: None Opening hours: 7:00 am to 9:00 pm Fast fact: A marketplace where you can find everything under one roof Built in: NABuilt by: Maharaja Sardar Singh
To Do And Attractions For Couple
29. Khejarla Fort

Image Credit –
Official Website of Fort Khejrala Have you ever wondered about the life of royal kings living in splendid castles? If yes, then visiting this famous Khejrala Fort will be one of a kind experience for you. It is among the best Jodhpur tourist places and is a must-visit for those who want to experience the rich culture of ancient India. The fort is a perfect example of a good blend of royal and rural. It is an ancient monument that has been converted now into an ancient hotel. 
Entry fee: None Opening hours: Open 24 hours Fast fact: Witness the rich ancient culture Built in: 1611 AD Built by: Maharaja of Jodhpur
Honeymoon In Rajasthan: 6 Things To Do And Attractions For Couple
30. Machia Biological Park

Image Credit – Rijin for Wikimedia
Disclaimer: The image is for representation purposes only. 
Located about 8 km from the city, Machia Biological Park is one of the best places to visit in Jodhpur for nature lovers. It is home to multiple wild animals like wolves, lions, jackals,  tigers, deer, sloth, leopards, gharial and porcupines. There is also a spot for bird watching. For the best experience, visit the park early in the morning. 
Entry fee: INR 30 for adults and INR 15 for students Opening hours: 8:00 am to 6:00 pm (summers) and 8.30 am to 5:00 pm (winters) Fast fact: A decent zoo and conservation project Built in: 1935 Built by: Maharaja Umaid Singh
31. Flying Fox

Image Credit: Sbohra 
Go on a thrilling glide across two desert lakes and relish the exotic views of Mehrangarh with Flying Fox in Jodhpur. This adventurous activity consists of 6 zip lines up to 300 meters. These zip lines soar high above the state countryside and offer breathtaking views of Chokeloa Palace and Garden, Mehrangarh Fort, Balsamand Lake Palace, Ranisar Lake, and the Rao Jodha Park. 
Charges: INR 1700 onwards Opening hours: 9:00 am to 5:00 pm Location: Jai Pol, Jodhpur
22 Best Resorts In Jaipur For A Comfortable Yet Regal Staycation 
32. Nirali Dhani

Image Credit: Chayandunks7 
Offering a fantastic Rajasthani menu, the place brims with authenticity & condenses the cultural Bonanza of the state. One of the most famous Jodhpur places to visit that features a traditional setting. Here the thali is served like nowhere else and you’ll get unlimited food for as many times you want. Not only the food, but even the place is also a perfect depiction of Rajasthani architecture, and obviously, the dining options are parted into Jiman, Padharo Sa, and Jo Hukum Bar. 
Starting price: INR 100 Opening hours: 7:00 pm to 11:00 pm throughout the week. Location: Siddhanath Circle, Near Chopasni Filter House, Chopasni Road, Jodhpur, Rajasthan 342001, IndiaMust-try: Thali
33. Takht Sagar Lake

Image Credit: Amanjeev for Wikimedia 
One of the surreal and tranquil situated near the city of Jodhpur is Takhat Sagar Lake. The lake is situated on the outskirts of the city and is a gorgeous place to go for a drive to. It is dotted by lush greenery and is a quiet area. This not very famous destination offers a refreshing break for all the travelers. Here one can witness stunning views of the sunset, so don’t delay any further to plan your trip & see what all Jodhpur tourism has to offer. 
Entry fee: None Opening hours: Open 24 hours Location: Takhat Sagar Hills, Jodhpur
Jantar Mantar Jaipur: The World’s Largest Sundial 
34. Sardar Samand Lake

Image Credit: Dr. Rushikesh Joshi for Wikimedia 
This is one of the best Jodhpur places to visit that will give you a whole other definition of tranquility. The lake is located close to the city of Jodhpur and offers lush green views to travelers. Here you’ll see many exotic species of migratory birds which enhances the beauty of the lake. Thus the place is good for bird watching. 
Entry fee: None Opening hours: Open 24 hours Location: Sardar Samand Lake, Tehsil Sojat City, District Pali
Suggested Read: Get The Rajasthani Bohemia On! 17 Amazing Shopping Places In Jaipur To Explore
35. On The Rocks

A one of a kind restaurant that is located in the magnificent Blue City of Jodhpur. The place is ideal for dining in with your family and friends. It is one of the opulent places to visit in Jodhpur and it strikes the perfect balance between quaint and contemporary. Get to this place to enjoy a fusion of tradition, royalty, and grandeur. 
Opening hours: 12:00 pm to 3:30 pm and 7:00 pm to 11:00 pm. Location: Ajit Bhawan, National Highway 65, Near, Circuit House Rd, Ajit Colony, Jodhpur, Rajasthan 342006Must-try: drinks & beers
25 Best Restaurants In Jaipur To Relish Royal Meals On Your Vacay! 
36. Umed Garden Zoo

Image Credit: Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces for wikimedia 
Explore the wilderness of this place as this is home to some of the exotic wildlife species. One can explore and witness migratory birds, soothe themselves amidst the greenery, and spot animals at this abode. The place is suitable for both adults and children. 
Entry fee: INR 3 per person (Indians), INR 10 (Foreign tourists)Opening hours: 10:00 am to 4:30 pm Location: Jodhpur, Rajasthan 342001
37. Arna Jharna

Image Credit: Avinashpatni000 for wikimedia 
A desert museum that has an actual waterfall inside its premises which makes it all the more stunning. The museum preserves Rajasthani artworks in the form of paintings and sculptures and is spread over an area of around 10 acres. It also conducts workshops, live music, and dance sessions that the travellers can attend. 
Entry fee: INR 200 for Indians and INR 400 for tourists. Opening hours: 6:00 am to 6:00 pm Location: Arna Vihar Near Famous Arneshwar Mahadev Mandir Arna Jharna, Village Moklawas, Rajasthan 342001.
9 Best Places To Visit Near Sikar To Get Closer To The Rajasthani Roots
38. Guda Lake

Image Credit: Notorious4life for wikimedia 
From blackbucks to deers, various animals can be seen drinking water on the shores of this lake. Enjoy the stunning beauty of this lake with your travel buddies and see what Jodhpur tourism has to offer for you. 
Entry fee: None Opening hours: Open 24 hours from Monday to Saturday. Location: Bishnoi Village, Village Guda Bishnoi, Jodhpur, Rajasthan 342802.
39. Mishrilal Lassi Vala

Mishrilal Lassi Wala has been operating for more than 50 years. For the past few years, it has settled a legacy of serving flavorous drinks. From thick & delicious lassis to freshly prepared namkeens you’ll find l kinds of local snacks served here. The extra layer of malai on the top is like a cherry on the cake & that’s what makes the Lassi just delicious. Not just the natives, but the tourists from various places come here to savour a sweet glass of pure heaven. 
Opening hours: 7:00 am to 8:00 pm Location: Clock Tower, Paan Gali, Jodhpur, Rajasthan 342001. Must-try: Lassis
Ziplining In Jodhpur: A Comprehensive Guide To Flying Over The Blue City 
40. Khichan Bird Sanctuary

Image Credit: Chinmayisk for wikimedia 
A village in Rajasthan where this sanctuary is situated, it’s a popular tourist attraction & one of the Jodhpur places to visit. Khichan Bird Sanctuary is located right next to a lake in Khichan where you can spot multiple species of bird species that migrate from other regions. The place offers stunning views, don’t miss this on your to Jaisalmer from Jodhpur. 
Entry fee: None Opening hours: 12:00 am to 12:00 pm Distance from Jodhpur: 142 km
41. Dhawa Doli Wildlife Sanctuary

Image Source
One of the best places to visit in Jodhpur, Dhawa Doli Wildlife Sanctuary is famous for sites fascinating wildlife. While visiting here, you can witness Indian Antelopes in large numbers. Furthermore, animals like Wild Buffalo, Blue Bull, Wild Boar, Gaur or Bison, Black Buck, four-horned Antelope, Chinkara, and Chital can also be spotted in the wildlife sanctuary. Fauna here is quite intriguing as the sanctuary boasts many types of trees including Khejri tree, Kumat tree, Banyan tree, Pipar tree, and more.
Entry fee: NoneOpening hours: 7:00 am to 6:00 pmFast fact: The sanctuary boasts a wide range of rare and endangered animals.Built in: NA Built by: NA
7 Temples In Jodhpur for A Divine Holiday In The Blue City!
42. Phalodi Jodhpur

Image Source
Nestled in the Phalodi Tehsil in Jodhpur, Phalodi is popularly known as the salt city owing to its numerous salt industries. The town further features several notable historic structures, namely Phalodi Fort, Lal Niwas, and more. While visiting Jodhpur, you must spend a day or two in this culturally-rich town.
Entry fee:  NoneOpening hours: NA Fast fact: The town is house to numerous salt industries. Built in: NABuilt by: NA
In a nutshell, the city leaves you awestruck with its architectural wonders that have stood the test of time. Fascinated by its magnetism? What are you thinking about? Plan a trip to Jodhpur, pack your bags, and set off for a weekend escape in the charm of the centuries’ old beauties.
For our editorial codes of conduct and copyright disclaimer please click here. 
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Jodhpur

Is it safe to visit Jodhpur during COVID times?

						You need to follow all the mandatory guidelines mentioned by the government such as maintaining social distance, wearing masks, washing or sanitizing hands regularly, etc. for a safe travel experience. Check the travel guidelines mentioned by the state and follow them meticulously.                     

Is Jodhpur worth visiting?

						The blue city of Rajasthan, Jodhpur is adorned with stunning forts, impeccable gardens, and eminent temples. If you are a traveler who has an interest in getting acquainted with the history and culture of all the marvelous cities spread throughout the world, then Jodhpur is undoubtedly worth visiting. Innumerable tourist places and the beauty of the city will make your vacation a memorable one.                     

What is Jodhpur famous for?

						Jodhpur is famous for its rich history, grand forts, astounding temples, and enticing shopping markets. The city is also famous as the Blue city as its buildings were painted blue to denote that the buildings belonged to the Brahmins.                     

How many days should I spend in Jodhpur?

						Jodhpur has a lot of forts and historical attractions that you should definitely visit on your vacation. You must plan a 3 or 4 days trip as there are a lot of ravishing places to visit in Jodhpur that you shouldn't miss out on during your vacation.                     

What should I buy from Jodhpur?

						Jodhpur has terrific markets from which you can buy amazing things like Tie and Dye Sarees, Leather shoes, Handicraft items, and traditional spices.                     

Which is the best area to stay in Jodhpur?

						The most popular area to stay in Jodhpur is the Clock Tower as all the luxurious hotels are located in this area. The Clock Tower has a remarkable location as all the major tourist attractions are also located near it. If you want to stay at a place which is located in the heart of the city and is in close proximity to the famous forts and restaurants, then Clock Tower is an ideal choice for you.                     

What is the best time to visit Jodhpur?

						The best time to visit Jodhpur is in the winter season as the weather is pleasant and you can easily explore all the forts and temples without sweating and getting tanned.                     

Why is Jodhpur called the Blue City?

						Jodhpur is called the Blue City as a lot of buildings in the city are blue in color. It is believed that the Brahmins colored the building in blue color as the buildings belonged to them.                     

Looking To Book A Holiday Package? 

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read:
 Places To Visit In Shimla   Places To Visit In Manali   Places To Visit In Gujarat 

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Jodhpur, Places To Visit, Rajasthan

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Liril Falls Is Indeed A Serene Gem In The Heart Of Kodaikanal To Explore In 2024     Visit Radha Kund In Mathura For A Spiritual Gateway In 2024     Hon Mun Island Is Where You Experience The Serenity And Charm Of Vietnam’s Coastal Gem To Explore In 2024     Things You Must Know About Ganesh Bagh Before Visiting     Explore Everything About Visiting Shri Chokkanatha Swamy Temple In 2024     Visit Mauranipur To Explore The Glorious Heritage Of India        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > India > Rajasthan»Jodhpur» > Top 42 Places To Visit In Jodhpur That You Just Can’t Afford To Miss In 2024

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: Attraction: International Tourists (Includes the Audio) – INR 600 per person

          Attraction: Domestic Tourists – INR 70 per person