URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-las-vegas/
Title: 10 Places To Visit In Las Vegas That Everyone Must Visit
Description: Ever been to Las Vegas? Sin City has a lot more to offer than you would believe. Here are a few places to visit in Las Vegas that will add that zing to your trip.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        Places To Visit In Las Vegas: 10 Places That Will Change Your Opinion About The Sin City

        ..
        SHARES

        10 Apr  2023

            Written by Ruchika Anand 

One of the best places in the United States, Las Vegas, is the casino haven. It is the best place to go with your friends and have a blast. However, if you are not a party animal, Las Vegas offers something to you as well. There are many places to visit in Las Vegas both beautiful and fun, and will surely offer you something, no matter where you come from or what you like.
Top 10 Places To Visit In Las Vegas
There are a number of joints in the city that will make your holiday better than you can ever imagine. Read on to know more about what to see in Las Vegas.
1. Bellagio Casino & Fountain Show2. High Roller Ferris Wheel3. Hoover Dam4. Stratosphere5. The Mob Museum6. Paris, Las Vegas7. The Strip8. Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area9. The Neon Museum10. MGM Grand & CSI
1. Bellagio Casino & Fountain Show

Image Source
The Bellagio is a high-end, spectacular resort with a number of gems hidden away in its corridors. You can visit the Gallery of Fine Arts, Botanical Gardens, as well as the Conservatory here. The place houses several restaurants as well as a spa and salon, apart from the legendary Bellagio casino which is one of the biggest Las Vegas tourist attractions.
Apart from all this, the beautiful fountain here is another famous feature. Every fifteen or so minutes, the fountain goes off with a beautiful showcase of water along with a music set. This fountain show is a must if you are looking for free things to see in Las Vegas.
Location: 3600 S Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas
Must Read: Shopping In Las Vegas: 10 Best Places To Shop Like Never Before

Looking To Book An International Holiday?
Book memorable holidays on TravelTriangle with 650+ verified travel agents for 65+ domestic and international destinations.

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. High Roller Ferris Wheel

Image Source
What better to do than ride a Ferris wheel in Sin City? Located at the Linq Promenade, this wheel is the icon of the city. Standing at 550 feet high, this observation wheel gives a full panoramic view of the city as well as its most famous destination, the Strip. One full rotation will take about 30 minutes. The capsules or cabins usually have around thirty to forty people, each. Riding the wheel at night offers an even more spectacular view of Las Vegas in its glory.
Location: 3545 S Las Vegas Blvd, Las VegasTimings: 11:30 AM – 2:00 AMEntry fee: INR 2000 (For Day), INR 3000 (For Night)
3. Hoover Dam

Image Source
This magnificent dam Built on the Colorado River houses Lake Mead, which is the largest water reservoir in the country. Moreover, the dam, built in 1935, provides electricity to three different states – Nevada, California, and Arizona. You should also add Grand Canyon and Hoover Dam in your list of places to visit in the USA. Both these attractions can be covered in a day-trip. You can even take a helicopter ride to get aerial views of the city along with those of the beautiful Grand Canyon.
Location: Nevada, USATimings: 9:00 AM – 5:00 PM
Suggested Read: 10 Best Things To Do In Las Vegas: The Entertainment Capital Of The World
4. Stratosphere

Image Source
Another entry on places of interest in Las Vegas is the beautiful and breathtaking Stratosphere Tower. At a height of almost 1150 feet, the tower offers a number of good reasons to drop by. You can enjoy some thrill rides on the top like SkyJump, Insanity and Big Shot. And if you are someone who does not enjoy the adrenaline rush, the outdoor deck offers some great views of the city, making it one of the best places in Las Vegas.
Location: 2000 S Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas
5. The Mob Museum

Image Source
Officially called the National Museum of Organized Crime and Law Enforcement, this place will remind you of the Wild-Wild-West you have seen in Hollywood movies. The museum and its exhibits are an attempt to document the story of the Mob in the USA through technology, with exhibits portraying individuals, fashion trends and even the cultural events of the time. The video clips and other portrayal is quite interactive, making it a must on all the Las Vegas sightseeing tours.
Location: 300 Stewart Ave, Las VegasTimings: 9:00 AM – 9:00 PMEntry fee: INR 2000
Suggested Read: 10 Most Exciting Day Trips From Las Vegas To Explore Beyond Casinos & Bars
6. Paris, Las Vegas

Image Source
What can be better than covering two cities in one day? The Paris, Las Vegas, gives you the chance to do just that. Located outside the resort is the model of Eiffel Tower which makes into most of the Las Vegas pictures. You will also find a ‘Paris Opera House’ along with the romantic Eiffel Tower restaurant in the building. Take the lift to the forty-sixth floor and enjoy the views of the city just like you would have on the Eiffel Tower itself. If you are going with your partner, it is hands down one of the best places to visit in Las Vegas.
Location: 3655 S Las Vegas Blvd, Las VegasTimings: 10:00 AM – 1:00 AMEntry fee: INR 1200 (For Day), INR 1600 (For Night)

Planning your holiday but confused about where to go? These travel stories help you find your best trip ever!
Real travel stories. Real stays. Handy tips to help you make the right choice.

Ramya Narrates The Story Of 6 Girls On An Extraordinary Trip To Thailand
Bangkok. Phi Phi. Krabi. Why should guys have all the fun?
Read More

Sandeep Illustrates On The Best Activities For A Family Trip To Mauritius
Water sports. Cocktail parties. And unlimited fun at Casela.
Read More

Nisarg Can't Stop Praising His Honeymoon Trip To Maldives
There was snorkeling, sightseeing, luxury, comfort, & much more!
Read More

Sabyacsachi's Romantic Trip Proves Europe To Be The Mother Of All Vacations
For Art, Culture, Luxury, & more...
Read More

Srishti Talks Of Her Amazing Trip To Singapore With Her Mother & Niece
A fun-filled destination for ages indeed!
Read More

67-Year Old Sridhar Tells How He Beat The Odds & Took A Solo Trip To Dubai
Desert safari. Burj Khalifa. Welcoming locals. Tell me more!
Read More

Not Adventure Lovers? Saurabh's Family Trip Proves Hong Kong To Still Be Full Of Fun
Your kids will love Disney Land & Ocean Park!
Read More

Ravi's Tale Of A Sri Lanka Family Tour Is All You Need To Know About Ramayana Tour
For the love of Ramayana & Travel!
Read More

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

7. The Strip

Image Source
The Strip is the answer if you don’t know where to go in Las Vegas, USA. This almost 3-kilometer long section runs through the middle of Sin City and is lined with luxury resorts, theme places, grand restaurants, and jubilant casinos. It is even better to visit the Strip at night as the whole city is then illuminated with yellow lights and neon signs, making it an enthralling experience. Frankly, all the best places to see in Las Vegas are either around or near the Strip.
Location: Sahara Avenue to Russell Road, Las Vegas
Suggested Read: The Las Vegas Nightlife: Nightclubs, Pool Parties, Strip Clubs, & More!
8. Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area

Image Source
There a number of guided tours available for Red Rock Canyon, which will take you far away from the lights and noise of the city. Enjoy the serene 25-kilometer long drive to the desert in the middle of nowhere. Take a hike here or simply enjoy the Mojave desert with its red hills. Options are limitless, which makes Red Rock a star feature in Las Vegas tourism scene.
Location: 1000 Scenic Loop Dr, Las VegasTimings: 6:00 AM – 8:00 PMEntry fee: INR 500
9. The Neon Museum

Image Source
This museum is a homage to the city itself – Las Vegas has always been the home to some of the brightest neon signs on the side of the streets. The museum basically is an effort to store, showcase, and refurbish these signs which have been in use for years. The guides tell the history of the signs displayed. Some of these pieces are restored and some are in their original condition, as the whole pieces could not be recovered.
Location: 770 N Las Vegas Blvd, Las VegasTimings: 9:30 AM – 11:00 PM (weekdays), 9:30 AM – 12:00 AM (weekend)
Suggested Read: Romantic Places In Las Vegas: Exploring The Top 15 Attractions In & Around The Strip!
10. MGM Grand & CSI

Image Source
One of the best Las Vegas attractions for adults, MGM Grand offers CSI: The Experience. You can thus test out your detective skills by participating in this simulated version of the popular TV series. The Grand restaurant along the beautiful pool in this resort is a sight for sore eyes.
Location: 3799 S Las Vegas Blvd, Las VegasTimings: 9:00 AM – 9:00 PM
Further Read: 12 Most Luxurious Villas in USA For Your Next Family Vacation
We believe we have introduced you to all the best places to visit in Las Vegas, so what are you waiting for? You have the checklist, but before you pack your bags, visit our website to choose the best package to visit Las Vegas today!
Disclaimer: TravelTriangle claims no credit for images featured on our blog site unless otherwise noted. All visual content is copyrighted to its respectful owners. We try to link back to original sources whenever possible. If you own the rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear on TravelTriangle, please contact us and they will be promptly removed. We believe in providing proper attribution to the original author, artist or photographer.
Please Note: Any information published by TravelTriangle in any form of content is not intended to be a substitute for any kind of medical advice, and one must not take any action before consulting a professional medical expert of their own choice.
Frequently Asked Questions about Places to Visit in Las Vegas

What are the top sightseeing places in Las Vegas?

						Some of the best places to visit in Las Vegas are The Strip, High Roller Ferris Wheel, Hoover Dam, Stratosphere, The Mob Museum, Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area, The Neon Museum, and MGM Grand & CSI.                     

What are the top activities in Las Vegas?

						Here are some of the best things to do in Las Vegas: Catch the Cirque du Soleil Explore the Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area Go on the High Roller observation wheel Visit Caesars Palace Tour Hoover Dam                     

Can I visit Las Vegas during the current Covid situation?

						Yes, you can plan a visit to Las Vegas during the current Covid situation. However, make sure that you are completely vaccinated and always carry your vaccination certificate. Besides this, you need to follow government protocols that include wearing a mask when in public, sanitizing hands at certain intervals, and maintaining social distance.                     

Which are the famous sightseeing places in Las Vegas for couples?

						Some of the best places in Las Vegas where couples can enjoy are Valley of Fire, The Eiffel Tower (Paris Las Vegas), The Mob Museum, Lake Mead, Cirque du Soleil, Fremont Street, and more.                     

What can you do for free in Las Vegas?

						Some of the best things to do for free in Las Vegas include visiting the Flamingo Wildlife Habitat, Seven Magic Mountains, Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens and also the Fremont Street Experience.                     

What should I not miss in Vegas?

						Some of the things which cannot be missed while in Vegas includes getting a rainbow latte, trying your luck on the Casino Royale, having brunch sitting on the strip and also attending a pool party.                     

Is Las Vegas a safe destination?

						Las Vegas is a place which is safe for travellers and people can roam around the streets without any stress. There are casinos open all night and alongside that the crime rate is quite low.                     

Are drinks free in Vegas?

						Some of the huge casino companies are shifting their gears to serve free drinks to customers who are into gambling. In the present time, only play-to-drink is practised only at video poker fans.                     

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?
Book memorable holidays on TravelTriangle with 650+ verified travel agents for 65+ domestic and international destinations.

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read:
 Places To Visit In Texas   Places To Visit In Arizona   Places To Visit in New York 

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Las Vegas, Places To Visit, USA

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Chaukhandi Stupa Is An Interesting Spot For Your Next Trip To Varanasi In 2024     Exploring The Mysteries Of Samudra Koop Which Is A Sacred Well In Allahabad To Visit In 2024     A Comprehensive Guide To The Enchanting Beauty Of Dashashwamedh Ghat To Explore In 2024     A Pilgrim’s Guide To Dwarka’s Divine Temple Of Shree Dwarkadhish Temple To Explore In 2024     Experience The Spiritual Splendor Of Kalachakra Temple In Mcleodganj In 2024     A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > Destinations»USA» > Places To Visit In Las Vegas: 10 Places That Will Change Your Opinion About The Sin City

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found