URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-manipur/
Title: 13 Places To Visit In Manipur For The Explorer In You
Description: The places to visit in Manipur such as Senapati, Andro, Imphal, are untainted & look like something straight out of fantasy. Which of these would you pick?
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        13 Enchanting Places To Visit In Manipur In 2024 For A Rejuvenating Holiday

        ..
        SHARES

        26 Oct  2023

            Written by Bhavna Bura 

Manipur, the pride of Northeast India, is ever-blooming as a tourist destination. But people spend a few days here, before they make their way forward to other regions. Truth is, to feel the essence of a place you must spend plenty of time, interacting with locals and losing yourself amidst the unperturbed nature. 
Amidst the tranquil charm of Manipur tourist places, taking your time to explore the hidden gems is the key to truly savouring this unique North Eastern experience. There are many places to visit in Manipur that are bestowed with nature’s bounty, friendly dwellers, and a myriad of options when it comes to sightseeing and activities. Here is a list of all the top places that one should not miss out on their North Eastern escapade.

13 Mesmerizing Places To Visit In Manipur
Are you planning a vacation to Manipur? Amidst the captivating tapestry of tourist places in Manipur, whether planning an excursion with your family or significant other, there are numerous mesmerising places to visit in Manipur that will surely make you have an awesome time. So, we’ve picked the best of them to present before you! Let’s go forth with the list, as you’ll learn about important tourist information about each place, including attractions and location. 
1. Senapati – For A Cultural Insight

Image Source
Blessed with nature’s bounty, Senapati is a simple yet intriguing hideout and one of the best tourist places in Manipur. In this serene Manipur tourist spot, almost 80 percent of the area here is covered in verdant forests, and the rest of it is inhabited by villagers. The hamlet makes for an ideal escape for someone longing for a cultural insight into Manipur. You could be spending the day exploring the woodland and in the evening spend time with locals, who knows, they may as well cook something special for you.
Attractions in Senapati: Purul, Mao, Dzukou Valley, Yangkhullen, Makhel Cave, Sadu Chiru Waterfalls and Maram KhullenBest time to visit: October to March
Seven Sisters Of India – An Introductory Guide For A Memorable North-East Tour

Sikkim-Gangtok-Darjeeling Holiday Packages On TravelTriangle

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Scintillating North-East Family Tour 6D/5N @ Rs 16,065
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Fun-Filled Gangtok & Darjeeling Family Tour 6D/5N @ Rs 18,000
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Darjeeling Gangtok Family Package 7D/6N @ Rs 20,783
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Family Tour 7D/6N @ Rs 41,265
Best prices guaranteed. EMI option available.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Andro – Flaunting The Local Artistry In All Its Glory

Image Source
Located in close proximity with Imphal, Andro is a small village which indeed is one of the most stunning places to visit in Manipur. Among the many tourist places in Manipur, the pottery craftsmanship of this place is something which has always caught the attention of the visitors which is what makes it one of the best tourist places in Manipur. In fact, not just the artistry, you also get to take a peek at the history of it when you’re in Andro Gramshang. If you’re a keen traveller, you’d love getting your hands on pottery too. The museum displays a variety of traditional pots, such as Walom, Pudond Makhong, Yukhum and Ngangkha.
Attractions in Andro: Andro Shantheil Natural Park, Andro Gramshang, Selloi Langmai Ecological Park, Gwarok Mahadeva Yairipok and Kaina TempleBest time to visit: Late October to March
3. Imphal – A Well Sought-After Destination Of The State

Image Source
When it comes to tourist places to visit in Manipur, we know Imphal is obvious. This in fact is one of the most famous places to visit in Northeast India. Imphal is located in the heart of Manipur, flaunting the beauty of hilltops and foothills in all their glory. Head to the valleys and behold the panoramic views of the surrounding, including important landmarks like Manipur State Museum, Palace of Kangle and Polo Ground. One of the greatest Manipur destinations, Imphal is bejewelled with glittering lakes and waterfalls you’ll stumble across as you take a tour, making it the best tourist place in Manipur. It is also a great place to be a part of various Manipur festivals. There are numerous amazing things to do in Imphal. 
Attractions in Imphal: Loktak Lake, Kangla Fort, Red Hill Lokpaching, Manipur State Museum, Sirohi National Park, Keibul Lamjao National Park, Manipur Zoological Gardens, Matai Garden, Khonghampat Orchidarium and Shree Govindajee TempleBest time to visit: September to April
101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30
4. Khongjom – Remembering The Brave Legends

Image Source
A place that pays a tribute to the military, Khongjom is one of the best Manipur destinations. Right here, the revered major general, Paona Brajabashi, and his troops fought with the British during their reign. The war is known as the Anglo-Manipur War. Today, there is a memorial built in remembrance of the brave fighters, which holds historical importance. The place is perfect for an Indian patriot or anyone with an interest in the military and the history of wars. This is a beautiful place in Manipur, especially during the late hours, making it one of the must-visit historical places of Manipur.
Attractions in Khongjom: Khongjom War MemorialBest time to visit: October to March
5. Ukhrul – Where Tranquility Prevails

Image Source
Known for its scenic splendour, Ukhrul is among the best places to see in Manipur. The natural beauty is such that you could meditate for hours and find peace of mind. When planning to spend time here, just have plenty of time in your hands, as you might consider an extended stay. Trekking and tea garden visits are among the most common activities in Ukhrul, making it a must-visit Manipur tourist spot. It is one of the most stunning places to visit in Manipur.
Attractions in Ukhrul: Nillai Tea Estate, Kachou Phung Lake, Shirui Kashong Peak, Khangkhui Cave and Khayang PeakBest time to visit: April to June
18 Popular Tourist Attractions In Manipur You Must Visit
6. Chandel – Blessed With Nature’s Mystique

Chandel, the gateway to Myanmar, is bestowed with nature’s bounty. Not just that, the place boasts of a diverse cultural scenario as well and is one of the most stunning places to see in Manipur. So, you get the best of both worlds in this paradise, which is also one of the most beautiful Manipur attractions. An early morning trek here is a pure retreat, as the mist-laden grasslands and subtle sunshine greet you along the way. While exploring the denser regions, you may spot a number of rare animals and birds, so keep your camera ready at all times. This is one of the famous tourist places in Manipur, highlighting the rich tapestry of Manipur tourism.
Attractions in Chandel: Yangoupokpi-Lokchao Wildlife Sanctuary, Tengnoupal and MorehBest time to visit: October to March
7. Thoubal – Trekkers’ Paradise

Image Source
Thoubal, one of the Manipur’s famous places, is a preferred destination for the trekkers who like getting lost amidst lush environs. Beautified with lakes and rivers, the roads here are enveloped with banyan trees. Even locals seem to love planting, as you will come across fruit-bearing plants in the verandah of the houses. Alongside verdant greenery, you also get to enjoy local culture while touring landmarks like People’s Museum. This blend of nature and culture make it among the best places to visit in Manipur.
Attractions in Thoubal: People’s Museum, Imphal River, Waithou Lake, Ikop Lake, Khongjom War Memorial, Lousi Lake and Thoubal BazarBest time to visit: October
Caves in Cherrapunji: Crawl Through The Longest & Mystical Caves In India
8. Tamenglong – The Land Of Hornbill

Image Source
Also known as Land of Hornbill, Tamenglong will please you specially if you are a bird-lover which makes it one of the most tranquil places to see in Manipur. The forests here are unexplored, hailing you with its arms open. There are waterfalls and rivers, babbling and roaring to elevate the charm of this already enchanting locale. Surely, our list of best places to see in Manipur would have been incomplete without mentioning this one. Tamenglong is home to some of the most beautiful tourist attractions in Manipur. 
Attractions in Tamenglong: Zeilad Wildlife Sanctuary, Buning Meadow, Zeilad Lake, Kisha Khou, and Tharon CaveBest time to visit: October to April
9. Churachandpur – A Developed Yet Simple Town

The second largest town, one of Manipur’s famous places, Churachandpur or Lamka, is rich in both ethnicity and natural beauty. The district is home to tribal communities, who also found it, but there’s no way we can call this a backward area, as there are many schools, dam and museum to keep the travelers hanging around. Language is not a barrier either, as English, Hindi and Manipuri are spoken and understood by many locals.
Attractions in Churachandpur: Tipaimukh, Tonglen Cave, Tuibuong Tribal Museum, Ngaloi Falls and TipaimukhBest time to visit: October to March
Foreigners Can Now Travel To Nagaland, Mizoram & Manipur Without A Permit!
10. Kakching – Celebrating Each Day

Image Source
An important commercial hub of the state, Kakching is among the best places to visit in Manipur. Thanks to ease of access and relatively more amenities, this is a travelers’ favorite. To get a better insight to local culture, come over during the celebration of Haraoba Festival; in which locals enact the story of the creation of universe, dressed as deities. You have markets, gardens, theme park and more to visit when here.
Attractions in Kakching: People’s Museum, Haraoba Festival, Kakching Garden, and Adam Eco ParkBest time to visit: October to March
11. Dzukou Valley – Made of Dreams

Image SourceDzukou Valley is one of the breathtaking places to visit in Manipur India for nature lovers. Blooming with flowers of variegated colors, the valley is what dreams are made of. The valley is named after the rare Dzukou lilly which is only found in this region. It is located on the border of Manipur and Nagaland and can esily be reached by a car.
Attractions in Dzukou Valley: Jafpu peak, trekking trailsBest time to visit: June End to September
Shopping In Manipur: 5 Places To Shop On Your Next Trip To This Beautiful Paradise
12. Leimaram Waterfall – Pictursque Trio Waterfalls

Image Source
Manipur has a bounty of picturesque waterfalls one of which is Leimaram Waterfall. It has become a tourist hotspot because of its enchanting views and tranquil surroundings. There is not just one but three waterfalls to greet you in their glory. Enjoy the refreshing sprinkle of water as you go near the falls. It is one of the best places to visit in Manipur, India that you ought to visit.
Attractions near Leimaram Waterfalls: Loukoi Paat Lake, Langthabal, Iskcon TempleBest time to visit: October to March
13. Bishnupur: A Hub Of Places To Worship 

Image Credits: Anilkumar Yumnam for Wikimedia
With its floors covered in rolling lush green grasslands and dense forests, Bishnupur is a destination like no other. This town is one of the famous pilgrim sites in Manipur. The relics as well as temples that can be visited here are not just spiritually wondrous but also architecturally appealing. There are innumerable temples and places of worship that act as a magnet for devotees from every corner of the world. It is one of the top places to visit in Manipur.  
Attractions in Bishnupur: Susunia Pahar, Jor Bangla Temple, Panch Ratana, Dal Madol, Vishnu TempleBest time to visit: October to March
31 Reasons Why You Should Never Visit Northeast India
Manipur is a heaven for nature lovers profuse with rich flora and fauna. If you are looking for rejuvenating spots, then you should definitely explore these places to visit in Manipur in India and cover all these attractions. So, which of these destinations are you shortlisting for your trip to North East or around?

For our editorial codes of conduct and copyright disclaimer, please click here. 
Frequently Asked Questions About Places to visit in Manipur

What are the pilgrimages of Manipur? 

						The Shri Govindajee Temple in Imphal and the Shri Bijoy Govindajee Temple in Imphal are two of the most renowned pilgrimages in Manipur. In the state, these temples are of great significance both religiously and culturally.                    

Which is the coldest month in Manipur?

						January is considered as the coldest month in Manipur.                     

Which is the famous festival in Manipur?

						The Lai Haraoba, a customary religious and cultural event honouring regional deities and the rich cultural legacy of the Meitei population, is the most popular festival in Manipur.                    

What is the national food of Manipur?

						Often considered the staple dish of Manipur's cuisine, Manipuri rice is the national food of Manipur and is frequently paired with other regional delicacies like Eromba and Thongba.                    

What is the famous market in Manipur?

						The 'Ima Keithel,' or Mother's Market in Imphal, is a popular marketplace that is run exclusively by women and offers a wide range of products, including locally grown vegetables and traditional handwoven textiles.                    

What is special in Manipur?

						From the tourist attractions in Manipur, ranging from Loktak Lake to Khonghampat Orchidarium, to the food, cultural dances, and Raas Leela, everything in Manipur is special. The city is also well known for its natural beauty.                    

What is Manipur famous for?

						Manipur is famous for its rich culture and traditions, scenic landscapes, natural beauty, and mouth-watering cuisines. Manipur is also known as a peace-loving state with the most welcoming people.                    

What are some of the top attractions in Manipur?

						Some of the top tourist attractions in Manipur are Loktak Lake, Keibul Lamjao National Park, Singda Dam, INA Memorial Complex, Shree Govindajee Temple, Manipur Zoological Garden, Manipur State Museum, Leimaram Waterfall, and Dzukou Valley.                    

Which is the best time to visit Manipur?

						Winter is the best time to visit Manipur, as you get to enjoy both the cosy climate and some of the most spectacular views. Any time between October and March is a great time to visit.                    

What are some of the ways to travel to Manipur?

						If you are travelling by air, you can reach Imphal, the capital of Manipur, from any city in the country by landing at Imphal Tulihal Airport. There is no direct train route to Imphal, so the last point of your train journey would be Guwahati or Dimapur, from which you can easily find a transport bus to Imphal. Buses from Dimapur, Guwahati, or Silchar are also available if you plan to travel by road.                    

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read:
 Places To Visit In Thimphu   Places To Visit In Gangtok   Places To Visit In Sikkim 

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Destinations, North East

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Un guide complet pour un voyage sur l’île de Langkawi en 2024     रोमांच चाहने वालों के लिए 2024 में 15 बैंगलोर के पास सर्वोत्तम ट्रैकिंग स्थान     15 कश्मीर में सर्वश्रेष्ठ हाउसबोट: प्रकृति प्रेमियों के लिए एक सौगात!     17 Meilleures destinations de lune de miel en Italie en 2024 pour les couples fous amoureux     10 Voyages les plus populaires en Europe pour planifier l’évasion ultime de 2024     52 Lieux touristiques près de Chennai pour profiter d’un merveilleux voyage        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > India > North East» > 13 Enchanting Places To Visit In Manipur In 2024 For A Rejuvenating Holiday

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found