URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-meghalaya/
Title: 20 Best Places to Visit In Meghalaya For A Trip To The Northeast In 2024!
Description: Explore these 20 best places to visit in Meghalaya that will give you a surreal experience in the northeast amidst lush green mountains and valleys in 2024.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        Explore 20 Best Places To Visit In Meghalaya For A Surreal Trip To The NorthEast

        ..
        SHARES

        09 Feb  2024

            Written by Tanishk Juneja 

A hilly state, Meghalaya, based in north-eastern India is one of the seven North-eastern states of India. Meghalaya, meaning ‘abode of clouds’ in Sanskrit, is true to its name. It is famous for dense forests, high rainfall, and also its varied bio-diversity which makes them the best places to visit in Meghalaya. Meghalaya is bound to Assam in the northeast and by Bangladesh in the south. The tribals Khasis, Garos, Jaintias contribute a major population.
20 Best Places To Visit In Meghalaya In 2024
Meghalaya will surprise you with a myriad of attractions it has in store for you. Escape to lush green valleys and forests that encapsulate Meghalaya, a pine-fresh mountain state in the Northeast. Here are some places to visit in Meghalaya that you should note to explore Meghalaya.

Cherrapunji
Balpakram National Park
Shillong
Elephant Falls
Double-decker Living Root Bridge
Don Bosco Museum
Kyllang Rock
Mawlynnong Village
Baghmara
Nohkalikai Falls
Mawsmai Cave
Umiam Lake
Tura
Jowai
Nongpoh
Dawki
Williamnagar
Laitlum Canyon
Mawsynram
Mawphlang Sacred Forest

1. Cherrapunji

Cherrapunji is regarded as one of the wettest places on earth as the highest rainfall is foreseen during the year. Tourists from around the world come here to see the Dain-Thlen, Kynrem, and Nohkalikai waterfalls which are known as the popular waterfalls of Cherrapunji. The town encompasses some of the best waterfalls in Meghalaya.
The place is among the top Meghalaya tourist places which is packed with many attractions such as Living-Root bridges, Mawsmai Cave, Seven sisters falls, an Eco-park and a garden of caves. As it is situated in a forest, it does not have the option of luxury stay rather you will get resorts in Meghalaya and some hotels in the lap of nature which will be a great fit to stay with family and friends.
Speciality: Mesmerizing surroundings and a plethora of attractions.Attractions: Double Decker Living Root Bridges, Nohkalikai Waterfalls, Wakaba Falls, Krem MawmluhPlaces to stay: Jiva Resort Cherrapunjee, Saimika Resort, Polo Orchid Resort CherrapunjeeHow to reach: 79km from Cherrapunji Umroi Airport, 166km from Guwahati Airport.
Must Read: 19 Places To Visit Near Shillong

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Balpakram National Park

If you are in Meghalaya you should visit Balpakram National Park, it is considered a traveller’s paradise. This place is referred to as the ‘Land of Spirits’ by many tourists who come here to explore the rich biodiversity of Balpakram National Park.
The place is counted among the best tourist places in Meghalaya and serves as a paradise for all wildlife enthusiasts or photographers as you can spot animals like Red Panda, Wild Buffalo, Elephant, Tiger, Deer, Leopards, Wild Cows, Marbled Cat, etc. Some rare species include Lesser Panda, Indian Bison, and Sterow.
One of the best places to see in Meghalaya, tourists often compare this pace to the Grand Canyon in the USA. It is one of the best national parks in Meghalaya and you can easily find budget-friendly accommodations here.
Speciality: Rich biodiversityLocation: Garo Hills, Western MeghalayaBest time to visit: October to MarchEntry Fee: NA
3. Shillong

Scotland of the East, Shillong is one of the most popular Meghalaya tourist places in the Northeast that is on everybody’s checklist. Far from the busy life, it has forested hills, a pleasant climate, and scenic beauty which attracts many tourists from around the world, making it one of the best places to visit in Meghalaya. 
Some of the famous Meghalaya tourist spots in Shillong include Shillong Peak, Elephant Falls, Lady Hydari Park, Wards, Lake, and Don Bosco Museum. The local tribes in Shillong are Khyrim, Mylliem, Maharam, Mallaisohmat, Bhowal, and Langrim.
Shillong is also considered as the gateway to Meghalaya as the main airport of Meghalaya is in Shillong. You will find plenty of things to do in Shillong to make your holiday memorable. 
Speciality: Natural beauty, popular landmarks, and astounding views.Attractions: Shillong Peak, Don Bosco Museum, Ward’s Lake, Elephant Falls, Sweet Falls, Air Force Museum, All Saints CathedralPlaces to stay: Tripura Castle, Pinewood Hotel, Hotel Polo Towers Shillong, The Loft – Executive InnLocation: East central MeghalayaBest time to visit: September to May
Suggested Read: 20 Best Places To Visit In India During Christmas
4. Elephant Falls

The evergreen Meghalaya which has dense forests spread out everywhere around the state is also known for its amazing waterfalls. Elephant Falls, the beauty of Meghalaya, has an elephant-like stone at its foot. One of the most popular falls in the North-East, visiting here in one of the best things to do in Meghalaya.
The majestic Elephant Falls were referred to as ‘Ka Kshaid Lai Patang Khohsiew’ by the nearby Khasi individuals, which signifies ‘The Three Step Waterfalls’, as these falls comprise of three wonderful falls in progression. The first of the three waterfalls is tucked between the thick trees and is wide, making it one of the best Meghalaya visiting places. 
The subsequent fall decreases to thin strands of water and is practically insignificant in winter because of the retreating water levels. The third and the most visible waterfall to the naked eye is the tallest with clear water streaming like a sheet of milk striking on rocks in the background. With majestic surroundings and scenic views, this waterfall is one of the most sought-after places to visit near Shillong.
Speciality: Surrounded by lush greenery and offers spectacular views.Location: 12km from ShillongBest time to visit: Monsoon
5. Double-decker Living Root Bridge

Situated in Cherrapunji, Meghalaya, a double-decker living root bridge is famous for its bridge made up of roots of an Indian rubber tree. The bridge is 3 km long at a height of 2400 feet. The most scenic experience is when the Umshiang River flows beneath the bridge and you are walking over it. It is the oldest natural bridge made around 200 years ago but only 50 people can be accommodated at one time. You have got to visit this place on your Meghalaya honeymoon.
The bridge begins at the town of Tyrna and crosses the Umshiang waterway during its adventure. Getting to the exact location is somewhat of a trek. The climb down to the bridge is an incredible 3500-3600 stages every route to the scaffold and once more from the base town of Tyrna, which is 20 kilometres from the principal town of Cherrapunjee. It is one of the top places to visit in Meghalaya for couples.
Speciality: Oldest natural bridgeLocation: Cherrapunji, MeghalayaBest time to visit: Apart from May to September as it is quite slippery.Trek time: 4 to 6 hours
Suggested Read: 30 Places To Visit In January In India

Planning your holiday but confused about where to go? These travel stories help you find your best trip ever!

Nikhil Recites A Tale Of 11 Friends Who Went From Bengaluru To Ladakh
Bengaluru - Delhi - Leh - Ladakh - Leh - Delhi - Amristsar - Chandigarh - Bengaluru
Read More

Pranav Took A Solo Trip To Andaman & It Was Truly Wonderful
A backpacker's guide to the predominant Honeymoon destination!
Read More

Shivani Talks Of Her Trip To Mcleodganj & Dalhousie With Her Husband And Friends
Sunset views. Monasteries. Bhagsunath falls. And amazing street food.
Read More

Kanika Proves That Traveling With An Infant To Kerala Is Totally Safe & Wonderful
Beaches, Backwaters, Spas, & More. Take me there now, please!
Read More

Here's Why Aakanksha's Trip To Manali Changed Her Idea About Group Tours
Ideal long weekend getaway from Delhi! Isn't it?
Read More

Isha Elaborates On How She Went Solo To Kasol & Returned With Lots Of Friends
And tales of her exciting Kheerganga & Chalal trek...
Read More

Prasham's Account Of A Goa Tour Proves That Goa Is More Than A Party Destination
Adventure, sightseeing, laid-back beach tours, and it doesn't stop there!
Read More

Bhavya Gives An Extensive Account Of His Jaisalmer Trip With Friends
Desert safari, haunted Kuldhara village, & Gadisar Lake. There's more...
Read More

Ashish Tells Why Kashmir Turned Out To Be A Winter Wonderland For His Family
For Gondolas, Shikaras, and plenty of snow!
Read More

Arunav Can't Stop Praising His Adventurous Trip To Sikkim & Darjeeling With Friends
For adventure in Air, on Land, and in Water!
Read More

Avneet Describes Her Trip To Spiti With A Group Of Strangers That Became Friends
Sightseeing. Monasteries. Trekking. And beauty all along
Read More

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

6. Don Bosco Museum

Many tourists are very much interested in knowing the cultural history of the state. Don Bosco Museum, situated in Shillong, is a 7-stored historical centre having 17 galleries on shows that take you through the way of life of Northeast India.
Besides, these galleries display a wide arrangement of expressions, antiques, clothing types, weapons, and painstaking work that exhibit the way of life and culture of different tribes and individuals of Meghalaya. Don Bosco Museum is additionally acclaimed as one of the best in Asia which you must add to your list of places to see in Meghalaya. 
Speciality: A perfect representation of the cultural history of the state.Location: East Khasi Hills, Shillong, MeghalayaEntry Fee: Indians: Rs 100 and Foreigners: Rs 200
7. Kyllang Rock

Somewhere in the range of 78 km away from Shillong, an extraordinary giant rock made out of red stone, Kyllang Rock is situated in the West Khasi Hills of Meghalaya. The Rock which is 5400 ft above sea level and has a width of around 1000 ft is a mammoth square of granite stone which is a piece of the Khasi fables and appears to be lovely in its shape. It is the most famous place to visit in Meghalaya from where you can enjoy a spectacular view of the region. 
A climb to the highest point of Kyllang Rock enables you to cherish the magnificent scene of the encompassing zone. Encompassed by age-old Red Rhododendrons, Kyllang Rock is said to have an uncommonly attractive field. The mammoth dome is blocked off from its southern side but through the northern side, it is brimming with rhododendrons and shrubs.
Speciality: One of the highest points in Meghalaya.Location: West Khasi Hills, Shillong, MeghalayaBest time to visit: Anytime, but good to avoid in monsoon.
Suggested Read: 20 Best Places To Visit In North India In Monsoon
8. Mawlynnong Village

The cleanest village in Asia? Yes, the Mawlynnong village. It is one of the most exotic locations in Meghalaya to go through the day. From beautiful waterfalls and root bridges to a clean environment and scenic view, this town invites you with everything that is basic to make your Meghalaya excursion pivotal. Apart from this, there are numerous bamboo houses where you’ll need to have a stay to adapt more to the location.
Speciality: Encompasses gorgeous landscapes and scenic surroundings.Location: East Khasi Hills, ShillongHomestay cost: Rs 1500 to Rs2000
9. Baghmara

Every wildlife enthusiast should visit this spot that is only 4km from the town of Baghmara, the Baghmara Reserve Forest that is possessed with elephants, feathered creatures and langurs. For labyrinth lovers, there are the Siju caverns, the third-longest cavern framework in the Indian subcontinent comprising of endless mazes and chambers.
The wonderful limestone rock arrangement inside the caverns, named the ‘Princess Di’s Chamber’ is especially sensational. Like this wasn’t sufficient, the Siju Bird Sanctuary offers to keep the winged creature fans snared with the rarest of species relocating here during the winters.
Speciality: Houses exotic wildlife.Location: South Garo HillsBest time to visit: October to January
Suggested Read: 30 Places To Visit In India In April
10. Nohkalikai Waterfalls

The 4th most noteworthy waterfalls on the planet, Nohkalikai Falls fall somewhere in the range of 335 meters from a verdant cliff to the ground, depicting gigantic and extraordinary heavenliness. The pride of the territory of Meghalaya, the falls are one of the most wonderful and terrific falls in the nation.
Taken care of between the evergreen rainforest of the Khasi Hills and streaming with all its glory and may, the falls dive into a tidal pond which is as blue as the evening sky. This fall is one of the best places to visit in Meghalaya.
Speciality: A paradise-like destination with outstanding natural views.Entry Fee: Rs.10Timing: 8 Am to 5 Pm
11. Mawsmai Cave

Among all the caves in the region, Mawsmai Cave is delightful without a doubt. There is a lot of vegetation inside the cavern to grab one’s eye. The length of the cave is only 150 meters which isn’t the longest in contrast to different caves in the region yet it most likely gives you a glimpse into life in the underground. Found only 6 km away from the core of Cherrapunjee, Mawsmai cave is an amazing cave in the East Khasi Hills of Meghalaya.
Speciality: A thrilling escapade.Timing: 9:30 Am to 5:30 PmEntry Fee: Rs 10
Suggested Read: 25 Amazing Wildlife Sanctuaries In India
12. Umiam Lake

Umiam Lake, a beautiful man-made reservoir is situated 15 kilometres north of Shillong. The lake was shaped after a dam was developed to produce hydroelectric power. The picturesque Umiam Lake is enclosed by lavish green East Khasi slopes that make for encompassing sights for nature lovers. The dawn at the lake is a treat to witness with the naked eye and shouldn’t be missed. Tourists can take a long boat ride in the lake, and adventure junkies can appreciate drifting and different water sports.
Speciality: Glistening man-made lake.Time required: 1 to 2 hrsBoat ride fee: Pedal boat: Rs 20, Yachting: Rs 100
13. Tura

Image Credit: Anup Sadi for Wikimedia Commons
Tura is one of the best places to visit in Meghalaya in winter because of its serene environment. Located in Garo Hills, Tura is a paradise for wildlife enthusiasts and nature lovers. Nokrek National Park is located 12 km from Tura. Here, you will find a variety of species like leopards, golden cats, wild buffalo, and pheasant. Siju Caves is another attraction that you must visit on your trip to Tura.
Speciality: Houses an array of wildlife species.Location: West Garo HillsBest time to visit: December-February
Suggested Read: Meghalaya Travel Tips
14. Jowai

Image Credit: Chirnzb for Wikimedia Commons
Located in Garo Hills, Jowai is another one of the famous tourist places in Meghalaya. The place is famous for its mix of heritage and culture. Experience the local lifestyle of town folks and learn about their culture. What makes this town one of the most astounding places to see in Meghalaya are its lakes. Visit Thadlaskein Lake and spend a few hours contemplating life as you gaze at the serene views.
Speciality: Pristine waterfallsLocation: West Jaintia HillsBest time to visit: March-May
15. Nongpoh

Image Credit: Ashish_Bhatnagar for Wikimedia Commons
Another one of the Meghalaya tourist places is Nongpoh. It is a small town located in the east Khasi Hills is situated very close to the Brahmaputra plains. It makes a great stopover on the way to Shillong. Admire the beautiful gushing rivers, lush greenery, and salubrious weather.
Speciality: Picturesque environmentAttractions: Lum Nehru Park, Dwar Ksuid, Nongkhyllem Wildlife Sanctuary, Lum SohpetbnengPlaces to stay: Ri Kanaan Resort, Ri Kynjai – Serenity By The Lake, Orchid Lake ResortLocation: Ri-Bhoi district, MeghalayaBest time to visit: August-November
Suggested Read: 10 Best Hotels And Resorts In Shillong
16. Williamnagar

Image Source
One of the most beautiful and unique places in Meghalaya, Williamnagar has a bounty of flora and fauna. The town is filled with scenic mountains and rivers. It is named after the first Chief Minister of Meghalaya. The beautiful town is located by the side of the Simsang River. If you wish to explore the countryside, take a trip to this place for sure.
Speciality: Adorned with immense flora and magnificent mountainscapes.Attractions: Domre Falls, Tasek Lake, Napak Lake, Naka-ChikongPlaces to stay: Hotel Polo Orchid, Hotel Royal Park, Hotel Rikman ContinentalLocation: South Garo HillsBest time to visit: October-February
17. Dawki

Dawki needs no introduction. It is one of the most popular tourist places in Meghalaya. Known for its clear river, Dawki is one of the most Instagrammable places on earth. If you are visiting Meghalaya anytime soon, then you should put Dawki on your itinerary. Since it is sandwiched between India and Bangladesh, it is also a major trade hub.
Speciality: Gorgeous river with clear waters.Location: West Jaintia Hills district, MeghalayaBest time to visit: November
Suggested Read: 7 Places With Highest Rainfall In India
18. Laitlum Canyon

Image Credit: Ankan Ghosh Dastider for Wikimedia Commons
Nestled in East Khasi Hills, Laitlum Canyon is truly a paradisiacal abode. With low-flying clouds, sprawling green landscapes, and spectacular views, this dreamland is one of the most wondrous tourist places in Meghalaya. If you are a nature lover, who loves to rejuvenate yourself in the lap of nature, then this place is perfect for you. Adventure seekers can also relish their time at this place as the 3000-step stairway provides for a thrilling escapade.
Speciality: Spectacular surroundings.Location: East Khasi Hills, Meghalaya 793015Best time to visit: April to June
19. Mawsynram

Image Source
Disclaimer: The image is for representation purposes only.
Of all the Meghalaya tourist places, Mawsynram is the rainiest landscape. Encompassing lush green hills, this village witnesses humongous amounts of rainfall throughout the year. The village is adorned with prepossessing landscapes, low-flying clouds, misty weather, and refreshing waterfalls. Mawsynram experiences an average rainfall of almost 11,872 millimetres annually, thereby making it one of the most distinctive tourist places in Meghalaya.
Speciality: Pristine waterfallsLocation: East Khasi Hills, MeghalayaBest time to visit: April to June
Suggested Read: Top 3 Valleys In Meghalaya
20. Mawphlang Sacred Forest

Image Credit: Ritika74 for Wikimedia Commons
A tropical rainforest located amid the Nongrum region of Meghalaya, Mawphlang Sacred Forest houses rich flora and fauna. Towering trees, which are said to be 1000 years old, encompass this forest. The eye-pleasing greenery of this forest reflects the natural grandeur of Meghalaya. The forest also holds mythological significance to the local community hence it is considered sacred by them. Undoubtedly, the forest offers an astounding escape to nature lovers and is one of the prominent attractions among all the Meghalaya tourist places.
Speciality: Lush greeneryLocation: Nongrum, Meghalaya 793121Best time to visit: April to June
Further Read: The Ever Growing Living Root Bridges Meghalaya
Meghalaya is the perfect destination for people who love mountains and seeking for some inner peace. If you are looking for some peace among the snowy mountains, you should definitely consider planning a trip to Meghalaya. You won’t be disappointed.
For our editorial codes of conduct and copyright disclaimer, please click here. 
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Meghalaya

What is famous in Meghalaya?

						Meghalaya is famous for its mesmerizing beauty. There are numerous tourist attractions here that attract travellers from across the world. Nohkalikai Falls, Umiam Lake, Cherrapunji , Root Bridges, Laitlum Canyon, Dawki, Mawsynram, Shillong, etc. are the popular places to visit on a Meghalaya trip.                     

Which village in Meghalaya must be visited by tourists?

						Villages in Meghalaya are known for their impeccable beauty. Mawlynnong Village, Laitlum Canyon, Double Decker Living Root Bridge in Nongriat Village, Jowai village, Tura, and Mawlai are the best villages to visit in or around Meghalaya.                     

How many airports are there in Meghalaya?

						The main and the only airport in Meghalaya is Shillong Airport. The airport is well-connected to the major cities of India and welcomes flights throughout the year.                     

How far is Meghalaya from Guwahati?

						Meghalaya is 85 km away from Guwahati. The road distance is 99.7 km and you can take a bus, taxi, or cab to reach here. The route between Meghalaya and Guwahati is known for offering scenic vistas.                     

What is the famous food of Meghalaya?

						Jadoh, Dohkhlieh, Nakham Bitchi, Pumaloi, Bamboo Shoots, and Momo are the popular food items to try in Meghalaya. Rice with spicy meat and fish preparations. They rear goats, pigs, fowl, ducks, and cows.                     

Which are the best places to visit in Meghalaya with family?

						Some of the best places to visit in Meghalaya with family are as follows: 1. Shillong 2. Balpakram National Park 3. Elephant Falls 4. Don Bosco Museum 5. Mawphlang Sacred Forest                     

Which are the best places to visit in Meghalaya on a honeymoon?

						Meghalaya is perfect for a romantic getaway. Some of the most exquisite places to visit in the state for an idyllic honeymoon experience are: 1. Cherrapunji 2. Mawlynnong Village 3. Nohkalikai Falls 4. Umiam Lake 5. Williamnagar                     

Which is the most beautiful city in Meghalaya?

						The most beautiful city in Meghalaya is often considered to be Shillong. Nestled amidst picturesque hills and lush greenery, Shillong is renowned for its scenic landscapes, pleasant climate, and vibrant culture, making it a captivating destination for nature enthusiasts and travellers alike.                     

Which is the best month to visit Meghalaya?

						The best time to visit Meghalaya is during the months of October to April. During this period, the weather is relatively dry and pleasant, making it ideal for exploring the scenic beauty of the region, including its lush green hills, waterfalls, and picturesque landscapes. Avoiding the monsoon months (June to September) is recommended as heavy rainfall can lead to landslides and travel disruptions.                     

Looking To Book An International Holiday?

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read:
 Places To Visit In Mizoram   Places To Visit In Assam   Places To Visit In Manipur 

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Meghalaya, Places To Visit

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Exploring The Majestic Beauty Of Kachanh Waterfall In Cambodia     Bayon Temple Cambodia Defines A Journey Through Ancient Khmer History     43 Plus beaux endroits du Sri Lanka en 2024 que vous devez visiter     Janki Mahal Is An Ideal Place To Embark For An Incredible Religious Experience In 2024     Dashrath Mahal Is A Top Destination For Your To Visit In Ayodhya In 2024     Discover The Natural Retreat Of Tulsi Udyan On Your Ayodhya Tour 2024        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > India > Meghalaya» > Explore 20 Best Places To Visit In Meghalaya For A Surreal Trip To The NorthEast

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: Attraction: Cherrapunji

          Attraction: Balpakram National Park

          Attraction: Shillong

          Attraction: Elephant Falls

          Attraction: Double-decker Living Root Bridge

          Attraction: Don Bosco Museum

          Attraction: Kyllang Rock

          Attraction: Mawlynnong Village

          Attraction: Baghmara

          Attraction: Nohkalikai Falls

          Attraction: Mawsmai Cave

          Attraction: Umiam Lake

          Attraction: Tura

          Attraction: Jowai

          Attraction: Nongpoh

          Attraction: Dawki

          Attraction: Williamnagar

          Attraction: Laitlum Canyon

          Attraction: Mawsynram

          Attraction: Mawphlang Sacred Forest