URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-miami/
Title: 10 Places To Visit In Miami That Are Perfect For Your Next Trip
Description: These 10 best places to visit in Miami are amongst some of the top attractions in the USA. Take a look to know why they must be added to your trip itinerary too.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        10 Best Places To Visit In Miami That’ll Make The Traveler In You Beyond Happy

        ..
        SHARES

        11 Apr  2023

            Written by Seema Gurnani 

While Florida is often regarded to as the ‘vacationing part’ of the United States of America, Miami is definitely hyped for the kind of tourists it attracts the entire year round.  Hollywood celebrities love this place and no wonder, the entire city is always visited by thousands of tourists. But when it comes to point out the best places to visit in Miami, the possibilities are definitely vast. From exquisite beaches to architecturally viable museums, the places under the Miami points of interest definitely stretch out to a wide spectrum of spots. But, what to see in Miami? If you have been fretting about the same, don’t worry, we have some amazing places to share with you.
10 Best Places To Visit In Miami
Here’s a list of the topmost gorgeous attractions in Miami that can really make your trip more experiential. Take a look and note the spots you definitely don’t want to miss out during your visit.
1. Miami Beach

Image Source
The Miami beach is located on the barrier island and is predominantly a secluded beach. It finds its connection to the mainland via several bridges. The Miami beach prides upon the vivid mix of quiet neighborhoods and long stretches of tranquilizing beaches. This is definitely one of those must-visit top places to visit in Miami that might actually end up digging a hole in your pocket. The beachfront restaurants, shops and even the loads of options of entertainment make up for the amazing experience that you splurge on. The Ocean Drive is the most popular street there and is known for its picturesque art-deco buildings.
Must Read: 10 Brilliant Day Trips From San Francisco That You Can Take With Your Globetrotter Buddies

Looking To Book An International Holiday?
Book memorable holidays on TravelTriangle with 650+ verified travel agents for 65+ domestic and international destinations.

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Vizcaya Museum and Gardens

Image Source
Next on the list of the best places to visit in Miami, one definitely needs to talk about the Vizcaya Museum and Gardens. The entire establishment is set on a total area of 28 acres and was the luxurious winter home of a pioneer industrialist, James Deering. The villa is influenced by the Italian Renaissance style and is loaded with a wide range of European furniture collection that dates back to the 15th and 19th-century era.Even the grounds and the gardens around are adorned with intricately designed European fountains and pools. There is a breakwater that leads to the Biscayne Bay that features two beautiful female figures.
Location: 3251 South Miami Avenue, Miami, FloridaTickets: Adult -$18.00, Children (3-12) – $6.00Timings: 09:30 AM to 04:30 PM
3. Everglades National Park

Image Source
Located just a drive away from Miami in Florida, the Everglades National Park is a must visit while you are there. The entire area covers over 1.5 million acres of land and is a swampland. The main site of attraction is the wide array of alligators, snakes, crocodiles and other birds. You can visit through the walking trails and even go on an airboat tour to visit through the entire park. With the airboat tour, you can get picked up from your hotel and then spend half the day exploring the entire area of the Everglades Park.
Location: Florida, USATimings: Open 24 hoursTickets: Car- $25.00, Motorcycle – $20.00, Hiker or Biker – $8.00
Suggested Read: 10 Beautiful Places To Visit In San Francisco That Ought To Be On Your Itinerary
4. Bayside Marketplace

Image Source
When it comes to talking details about the Miami sightseeing places, the Bayside Marketplace definitely has to make its appearance. It is nothing but a humongous outdoor style mall which houses over 150 different kinds of tourist shops and even restaurants. The place is always hustling because of the regular visits of the locals and the tourists alike. Apart from that, it is also home to some unique one of a kind shop. It is located in the Miami waterfront and is the perfect embodiment of nature and contemporary feels right there.
Location: 401 Biscayne Blvd, Miami, Florida
5. Bayfront Park

Image Source
Yet another one of the places to visit in Miami is the Bayfront Park which is spread around a total area of over 32-acres of space. The park hones the beauty of a wide range of monuments and sculptures spread across the place. The electronically controlled Pepper Fountain definitely attracts quite the attention of the people around. It also has a popular amphitheater, the Light Tower which is often used for a number of musical performances. A quick stroll around the area is definitely a lot enticing.
Location: 301 North Biscayne Blvd, Miami, Florida
Suggested Read: 10 Festivals In Chicago That Will Send You Into An Art Overdose

Planning your holiday but confused about where to go? These travel stories help you find your best trip ever!
Real travel stories. Real stays. Handy tips to help you make the right choice.

Ramya Narrates The Story Of 6 Girls On An Extraordinary Trip To Thailand
Bangkok. Phi Phi. Krabi. Why should guys have all the fun?
Read More

Sandeep Illustrates On The Best Activities For A Family Trip To Mauritius
Water sports. Cocktail parties. And unlimited fun at Casela.
Read More

Nisarg Can't Stop Praising His Honeymoon Trip To Maldives
There was snorkeling, sightseeing, luxury, comfort, & much more!
Read More

Sabyacsachi's Romantic Trip Proves Europe To Be The Mother Of All Vacations
For Art, Culture, Luxury, & more...
Read More

Srishti Talks Of Her Amazing Trip To Singapore With Her Mother & Niece
A fun-filled destination for ages indeed!
Read More

67-Year Old Sridhar Tells How He Beat The Odds & Took A Solo Trip To Dubai
Desert safari. Burj Khalifa. Welcoming locals. Tell me more!
Read More

Not Adventure Lovers? Saurabh's Family Trip Proves Hong Kong To Still Be Full Of Fun
Your kids will love Disney Land & Ocean Park!
Read More

Ravi's Tale Of A Sri Lanka Family Tour Is All You Need To Know About Ramayana Tour
For the love of Ramayana & Travel!
Read More

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

6. Zoo Miami

Image Source
If you have been on the lookout for some entertainment for your small kids, visiting the Zoo Miami can definitely lighten up their minds. The zoo is home to over 3000 different kinds of wild animals, 40 of which are endangered species. The zoo is popular for providing the animals with a completely natural habitat for better growth, life, and development of them. Apart from the wild animals, the zoo also houses over 1000 different kinds of trees and plants that add to the beauty of the place even more.
Location: 1 Zoo Blvd, 12400 SW 152nd Street, Miami, FloridaTimings: 10 AM to 5 PMTickets: Adult – $15.95, Children (3-12) – $11.95
7. Deering Estate at Cutler

Image Source
The Deering Estate at Cutler was the former abode of Charles Deering which is spread around a total area of 444 acres. It was established to protect the endangered pine rockland habitat along with the salt marshes and mangrove forests. It has already been listed on the National Register of Historic Places and has become an amazing spot for the fusion of culture, art, and various artists.
Location: 16701 SW 72nd Avenue, Miami, Florida
Suggested Read: 10 Hostels In Chicago That’ll Make You Feel Like You’ve Arrived Home
8. Wynwood Wall Street Art

Image Source
Located in the warehouse district of the Wynwood, the rustic walls of that warehouse have now become beautiful renditions of the wall around. Graffiti painting is predominantly one of the highlights of the place and has definitely brought an oomph of new life to the place. Since the initiation of the place and the wall art, over 80,000 sq. ft of the wall has been covered in unique and one of the kind paintings.
9. Coral Castle

Image Source
Known for its detailed architecture and stone carvings, the Coral Castle is believed to have taken over 28 years to be completed by the artist behind. Edward Leedskalnin was the one who built this beautiful sightseeing extravaganza in Miami between the years of 1923 and 1951. The entire place is made out of limestone and that too with tools made by Edward Leedskalnin himself. It includes unique figurines and statues that will make you awestruck.
Location: 28655 South Dixie Highway, Miami, Florida
Suggested Read: 10 Beaches In Chicago For Unwinding, Partying & Chilling Like There’s No Tomorrow
10. Miami Children’s Museum

Image Source
The last but not the least in the list is the Miami Children’s Museum. Designed around 56,000 sq ft of space, the museum exhibits not just entertaining but educational pieces around as well. There are fourteen differently themes galleries that are definitely going to intrigue the minds of the children. They even have outdoor exhibits that allow the children to further indulge in a fun day.
Location: 980 Macarthur Causeway, Miami, FloridaTimings: 10 AM to 6 PMTickets: Adult – $20.00, Children – $20.00
Further Read: Chicago Nightlife: 11 Exciting And Lively Places To Party All Night!
Miami is a breathtaking piece of a spot located in the United States. With a little to offer to everyone, visiting this place can imbibe an amazing experience that you would cherish forever. If you have been having a hard time planning your itinerary, these top 10 places definitely make up for the best spots that you just can’t miss out on on your next trip to USA with TravelTriangle. Happy exploring!
Disclaimer: TravelTriangle claims no credit for images featured on our blog site unless otherwise noted. All visual content is copyrighted to its respectful owners. We try to link back to original sources whenever possible. If you own rights to any of the images and do not wish them to appear on TravelTriangle, please contact us and they will be promptly removed. We believe in providing proper attribution to the original author, artist or photographer.
Please Note: Any information published by TravelTriangle in any form of content is not intended to be a substitute for any kind of medical advice, and one must not take any action before consulting a professional medical expert of their own choice.
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Miami

What is the best month to visit Miami?

						Travelers can visit Miami between the months of March and May when the sun is in full bloom. The weather is favourable to explore the best of the city and travelers can go on sightseeing tours during this season.                    

How much does it cost to go to Coral Castle?

						Travelers can visit the Coral Castle between 9 AM to 6 PM all through the week. The admission charges for adults are around $18 and for seniors under the age of 65 are $15. Children between the age of 7 to 12 are charged around $8 and entry is free for kids of age 6 and younger.                    

Do you have to pay to see the Wynwood Walls?

						No, the Wynwood Walls is open to the public for free however, on some occasions, the entry to the park is closed.                    

What are the best things for travelers to do in Miami?

						Some of the best things for travelers to do in Miami include: 1. Visiting the iconic Miami Beach 2. Wandering at the Art Deco District 3. Strolling through The Vizcaya Museum and Gardens 4. Admiring Freedom Tower                    

What is there to do at Bayside Marketplace?

						Travelers at Bayside Marketplace can indulge in activities like: 1. Bayride tours 2. Bayride boat tours 3. Bike and Roll Miami 4. Biscayne Lady 5. Captain Jimmy’s Fiesta                     

What activities can travelers be a part of at Everglades National Park?

						Travelers at the National Park can be a part of a lot of activities like: 1. Bicycling 2. Bird Watching 3. Boating 4. Camping 5. Kayaking & Canoeing                    

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?
Book memorable holidays on TravelTriangle with 650+ verified travel agents for 65+ domestic and international destinations.

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read:
 Places To Visit In Texas   Places To Visit In Arizona   Places To Visit in New York 

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Miami, Places To Visit, USA

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Chaukhandi Stupa Is An Interesting Spot For Your Next Trip To Varanasi In 2024     Exploring The Mysteries Of Samudra Koop Which Is A Sacred Well In Allahabad To Visit In 2024     A Comprehensive Guide To The Enchanting Beauty Of Dashashwamedh Ghat To Explore In 2024     A Pilgrim’s Guide To Dwarka’s Divine Temple Of Shree Dwarkadhish Temple To Explore In 2024     Experience The Spiritual Splendor Of Kalachakra Temple In Mcleodganj In 2024     A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > USA» > 10 Best Places To Visit In Miami That’ll Make The Traveler In You Beyond Happy

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found