URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-mizoram/
Title: 16 Best Places To Visit In Mizoram On A Holiday In 2023
Description: Here is a list of places to visit in Mizoram on a holiday in 2023. Visit the lakes, waterfalls, and villages on your trip to Mizoram.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        16 Beautiful Places To Visit In Mizoram On A Trip In 2024

        ..
        SHARES

        29 Oct  2023

            Written by Sukanya Sen 

If you are a traveler, you would certainly have your bucket list of places to travel. But, there are a few places in India that are a dream destination for every traveler. One such part of India that is still untouched and intact is the North East Indian states. Popularly known as the seven sister states, this region is too special and unique from the rest of the country. The kind of culture, the food and the ethnicity of the people vary largely and these are some of the reasons that make these states, the most unique ones. Here we will talk about Mizoram and the places to visit in Mizoram. 
The best months to visit Mizoram are November to March because these months are ideal as the weather is pleasant and touring around can be fun. The temperature during these months varies from 11°C to 30°C.
16 Best Places To Visit In Mizoram
When in Mizoram, have a tryst with nature and rendezvouz with rich culture of Mizoram. There is no state like Mizoram. This holiday season, if you are planning for a vacation with your family and friends you must certainly consider Mizoram tourist places. Let us take a sneak peek into some of the best places to see in Mizoram that you must visit here. These places in Mizoram will put you in a state of trance, relax you off your worries, and rejuvenate you for when you get back to your routine.
Aizawl Lunglei Mamit Kolasib Reiek Vantawng Waterfalls Falkawan Village Phawngpui Tamdil Lake Hmuifang Serchhip Champhai Saiha Murleng National Park Dampa Tiger Reserve Phawngpui Peak
1. Aizawl 

Image Source
Have you ever dreamt of a paradise on earth? Then, that dream is going to turn into reality at Aizawl. This is one of the oldest cities of Mizoram and attracts a lot of tourists because of the picturesque views it offers. The tranquil setup of this quaint town can leave your mind, body, and soul totally relaxed. This town has plenty of Mizoram tourist places for visitors. One can also choose to hike up to the nearby hilly areas for a panoramic sight of the whole town. If get a chance, attend the vibrant Mizoram festivals that take place in Aizawl.
Places to visit: Hmuifang, Tamdil Lake, Chanmari, Handicraft museumBest time to visit: November to March
Suggested Read: Foreigners Can Now Travel To Nagaland, Mizoram & Manipur Without A Permit

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Lunglei

Image Source
Are you looking for a place to relax and unwind? A place far away from the hustle-bustle of the city; then go to Lunglei! This is one of the most breath-taking Mizoram destinations that deserve your attention and time. Its lovely landscapes and the scenic setting makes it one of the top places to see in Mizoram. There is a rock-like bridge structure in the village and thus, the name Lunglei is given to it.
Places to visit: Lunglei sightseeing, Khawnglung wildlife sanctuaryBest time to visit: November to March
3. Mamit 

Image Source
Mamit is one of the top tourist attractions in Mizoram. There are a lot of attractions in this place and most of the wildlife enthusiasts love to go to Mamit. The Dampa Wildlife Sanctuary is one of the best attractions to visit here and you can spot peacock, Malabar pied hornbill, crested serpent eagle, and emerald-dove. If you love to be in the wild, this is the best place to visit. You can spot some of the rarest species like rhesus macaque and leaf monkeys too.
Places to visit: Saitlaw, West Phaileng, PukzingBest time to visit: November to March
Suggested Read: Tourists Will Now Need An Inner Line Permit To Visit Meghalaya
4. Kolasib 

Image Source
This is one of the best places to experience life away from the city. The crystal clear waters of River Tlawng and the Tamdil Lake would give an experience to remember for a lifetime. The lush green hills at the backdrop and the crystal clear water from these two water bodies make it a picture-perfect destination. So, this is one of the top Mizoram visiting places.
Places to visit: River Tlawng, Tamdil LakeBest time to visit: November to March
5. Reiek 

Image Source
Experience the lovely village life basking in the sun amidst the lush green fields of Reiek. Those looking for offbeat places to visit in Mizoram, must visit this village to enjoy to the fullest. If you are a traveler and want to feel every single second of your life then, this is the place you must live at for a few weeks. A walk in this village would leave you rejuvenated totally.
Places to visit: Reiek Village explorationBest time to visit: November to March
Suggested Read: North East Trip: Explore The Seven Sisters, One Brother, And A Neighbor

Planning your holiday but confused about where to go? These travel stories help you find your best trip ever!

Nikhil Recites A Tale Of 11 Friends Who Went From Bengaluru To Ladakh
Bengaluru - Delhi - Leh - Ladakh - Leh - Delhi - Amristsar - Chandigarh - Bengaluru
Read More

Pranav Took A Solo Trip To Andaman & It Was Truly Wonderful
A backpacker's guide to the predominant Honeymoon destination!
Read More

Shivani Talks Of Her Trip To Mcleodganj & Dalhousie With Her Husband And Friends
Sunset views. Monasteries. Bhagsunath falls. And amazing street food.
Read More

Kanika Proves That Traveling With An Infant To Kerala Is Totally Safe & Wonderful
Beaches, Backwaters, Spas, & More. Take me there now, please!
Read More

Here's Why Aakanksha's Trip To Manali Changed Her Idea About Group Tours
Ideal long weekend getaway from Delhi! Isn't it?
Read More

Isha Elaborates On How She Went Solo To Kasol & Returned With Lots Of Friends
And tales of her exciting Kheerganga & Chalal trek...
Read More

Prasham's Account Of A Goa Tour Proves That Goa Is More Than A Party Destination
Adventure, sightseeing, laid-back beach tours, and it doesn't stop there!
Read More

Bhavya Gives An Extensive Account Of His Jaisalmer Trip With Friends
Desert safari, haunted Kuldhara village, & Gadisar Lake. There's more...
Read More

Ashish Tells Why Kashmir Turned Out To Be A Winter Wonderland For His Family
For Gondolas, Shikaras, and plenty of snow!
Read More

Arunav Can't Stop Praising His Adventurous Trip To Sikkim & Darjeeling With Friends
For adventure in Air, on Land, and in Water!
Read More

Avneet Describes Her Trip To Spiti With A Group Of Strangers That Became Friends
Sightseeing. Monasteries. Trekking. And beauty all along
Read More

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

6. Vantawng Waterfalls 

Image Source
Mizoram boasts of having the 13th highest waterfall in the country, Vantawng waterfalls. This is one of the major tourist attractions in Mizoram. Watching the waterfalls gushing from a height between the valleys and the dense jungles is a sight to behold. The spectacular view of the Mizoram waterfalls can leave you in trance and give you an unforgettable experience.
Places to visit: Chhingpui ThlangBest time to visit: September to January
7. Falkawn Village

Image Source
Are you ready to experience the true Mizoram? You must head to Falkawan Village. This is one of the best places to visit in Mizoram and it gives you a clear picture of the Mizo tribe and their lifestyle. This is a village that would give you an insight into the entire state of Mizoram and going on a cultural tour to this village is a must. Especially if you are interested in culture, history and some fascinating tales about a place then, Falkawan village is an apt destination in Mizoram.
Places to visit: Salvation Army Temple, Mizoram state museumBest time to visit: November to March
Suggested Read: 13 Enchanting Places To Visit In Manipur For A Rejuvenating Holiday
8. Phawngpui 

Image Source
Experiencing a wide variety of fauna and flora in Mizoram is a common thing because the land is blessed with abundant greenery. However, if you are specifically looking forward to spending some really great time away from the chaotic city life then, you must go to Phawngpui. This is one of the top tourist attractions in Mizoram and you can spot some of the rarest of animals like the Goral, Serrow, and barking deer.
This place is also home to a lot of wild animals like leopards and tigers. For bird enthusiasts, this is one of the best places and you can spot Falcon, Sunbirds, Dark rumped swift, Mountain bamboo partridge, Oriental pied hornbill, Larks, and Pipits. This colorful village is going to make your trip all the more memorable. Apart from all these things, trekking in Phawngpui is one of the best things to do in Mizoram.
Places to visit: Phawngpui Blue Mountain National Park, Chhimtuipui River, Sangau, Phawngpui MountainBest time to visit: November to March
9. Tamdil Lake 

Image Source
If you are tired of your regular work and are looking for a break, then you must go to Tamdil Lake. This is one of the treasured gems in Mizoram and a lot of people go to this place for a peaceful holiday. The crystal clear lake surrounded by the dense jungle will delight you at the very moment you go to Tamdil Lake. The ambiance of green trees, clear blue sky and the clear water from the lake makes it a great place to unwind completely.
Places to visit: Mizoram State Museum, Solomon’s TempleBest time to visit: November to March
Suggested Read: 15 Secrets Of North East India Locals Have Been Keeping To Themselves
10. Hmuifang 

Image Source
A hill-station that can just make you go gaga over it the moment you visit is Hmuifang. This is one of those hill-stations in Mizoram that is frequented by a lot of tourists across the country. This is a perfect destination for all adventure enthusiasts as there are a number of things to do and places to visit when you are here.
Considered to be one of the best places to visit in Mizoram, Hmuifang is one of those places where one can experience and get to know the rich culture and heritage of Mizoram. There are a lot of cultural events that get organized here and if you are here during that time, do participate and have some great fun.
Places to visit: Dumboor Lake, Reiek Tlang, Vantawng FallsBest time to visit: November to March
11. Serchhip 

Image Source
What makes Serchhip one of the best places to see in Mizoram is. You will be delighted to know that it has the highest literacy rate in the state of Mizoram. So, there is no doubt that you will be met with unique and vibrant experiences. Learn about the sustainability of the villages in Serchhip. Neihloh and Buangpuri are two of the most popular villages in Serchhip that will welcome you with colorful rural experience.
Places to visit: Chhingpuii Thlan, Hriantrengna Lung, Khawhltha WaterfallBest time to visit: March and October
Suggested Read: 20 Beautiful Places To Visit In Nagaland On A Trip To This State
12. Champhai 

Image Source
Champhai is one of the most amazing Mizoram destinations that ought to make it on your bucket list. Known for its picturesque surroundings and rich culture, Champhai will fulfill you with a myriad of interesting experiences. There are plenty of tourist places to visit in Mizoram in June and Champhai is one that you could explore. If you are an adventure junkie, then feel free to explore the trekking trails in Champhai.
Places to visit: Rih Dil, Murlen National Park, and Lengteng Wildlife SanctuaryBest time to visit: June to September
13. Saiha 

Image Source
A fast-growing district, Saiha is one of the best places to visit in Mizoram. If you love fishing and angling, then you are going to love this place. It is one of the eight districts in Mizoram and is located in the southernmost part of the state. Some of the most popular Mizoram tourist places in Saiha are Palak Wildlife Sanctuary and Palak Dil. Saiha was earlier known as Siaha. The name is made from two words Sia and Ha which translates to the elephant’s tooth. But Saiha is a more popular translation among locals.
Places to visit: Palak Wildlife Sanctuary, Palak Dil,Best time to visit: November to May
Suggested Read: 6 Churches In Mizoram That Will Make Your Vacation More Amazing
14. Murlen National Park 

Image Source
Located in Mizoram’s Champhal district, Murlen national Park is a haven for nature lovers. Home to a variety of flora and fauna, one can spot around 150 species of birds, and various animals, bamboos, and orchid species. Murlen National Park is categorized by tropical, semi-evergreen and sub mountain forests. The forests are so thick that only 1% of rays can penetrate even on a sunny day. It is often compared to the Amazon in South America
Places to visit: N.A.Best time to visit: October to March
15. Dampa Tiger Reserve 

Image Source
Dampa Tiger Reserve is a wildlife sanctuary that is located in the dense forests of Mizoram. Located almost 125kms from Aizawl, both the forest and wildlife sanctuary are rich in flora and fauna and attracts tourists and nature lovers from around the world for being one of the best Mizoram tourist places. The wildlife sanctuary is spread in an area of 500 square kilometers and is home to animals such as Tigers, Leopards, Indian Python, Sloth Bears, The Barking Deer and also a very large variety of birds. It is one of the best wildlife sanctuaries in Mizoram that must be visited.
Places to visit: N.A.Best time to visit: November to March
Suggested Read: 60 Best Hill Stations In India In That You Must Explore At Least Once In Your Life
16. Phawngpui Peak 

Image Source
Phawngpui peak is the highest point in the state and is quite popular amongst travelers and adventure seekers. This blue mountain is located south of Aizawl at a distance of 300kms and is one of the Mizoram tourist places to visit and excite the adventure seeker within you. The Phawngpui Peak is known as the home of the Mizo tribe’s Goddess. It is located in the Phawngpui National Park and is the highest mountain in the state with a staggering height of 2100 meters.
Places to visit: N.A.Best time to visit: November to April
Further Read: Best Places To See On A Holiday In Northeast
Most of the places to visit in Mizoram are offbeat and secluded. So, plan this trip to Mizoram with TravelTriangle and make it one of the most memorable ones. The culture, the people and the hospitality in Mizoram would leave you mesmerized and we are sure that you would go back to this place once again! 
For our editorial codes of conduct and copyright disclaimer please click here.
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Mizoram

How many tourist spots are there in Mizoram?

						There are many unique places in Mizoram. Some of the places to visit under Mizoram tourism include Vantawng Waterfalls, Murlen National Park, Phawngpui Peak, Tamdil Lake, and Mizoram State Museum.                    

How many days are enough for Mizoram?

						Ideally, 3 to 5 days are enough to explore the famous places of Mizoram. You will get to explore the places that depict the history of Mizoram along with its natural sightseeing spots.                    

Which month is best for Mizoram?

						Mizoram is a destination which can be visited all year round. However, the best time to visit Mizoram is the winter months from November to February, when the weather is pleasant for exploring Mizoram tourist spots.                    

Which is the coldest place in Mizoram?

						Aizawl, the capital city of Mizoram, is said to be the coldest place. During the winter season, the temperature goes down as low as 3 degrees.                    

What is Mizoram's famous food?

						Bai, Bamboo Shoot Fry, Mizo dal & eggs, Koat Pitha, and Bekang are some of the famous food items of Mizoram.                     

What to shop from Mizoram?

						You can buy handicrafts made from bamboo & cane, Paun (a traditional wrap skirt by women of Mizoram), and Rangoon food.                     

Do we get to meet the tribes in Mizoram?

						Yes, there are a lot of tribal communities in Mizoram, and you may come across them when you are travelling around. Just be ready to interact and engage with the community around you.                    

How is the accommodation facility in Mizoram?

						One can easily find comfortable accommodation facilities in Mizoram. Ranging from budgeted, luxurious and family there are various kinds of accommodations available in Mizoram.                    

Are there good transportation facilities in Mizoram?

						As tourism in Mizoram is slowly picking up, the transportation facilities in Mizoram are developing too. You'll be able to spot taxis and Uber around.                    

Are there any hiking trails in Mizoram?

						Yes, there are some great offbeat hiking trails in Mizoram. Get in touch with the locals as they will help you identify these places really well.                    

Looking To Book An International Holiday?

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read:
 Places To Visit In Kaza   Places To Visit In Parwanoo   Places To Visit In Diu 

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: India, Places To Visit

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts A Complete Guide To Orccha Sanctuary For Bird Watching     Embark On A Spiritual Journey To Hanuman Bagh In Ayodhya     Kalyani Devi Temple Is A Spiritual Destination In Prayagraj     Top 7 Romantic Places To Visit In Phuket In February In 2024     Visit Swaraj Bhawan Museum To Witness The Traces Of Indian History     Explore Shri Nand Yashoda Bhawan In Gokuldham For A Spiritual Journey        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > India > Places To Visit» > 16 Beautiful Places To Visit In Mizoram On A Trip In 2024

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found