URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-new-york/
Title: 10 Best Places Visit in New York For The Modern Traveler
Description: Have a look at these 10 best places to visit in New York that would enchant any traveler. From famous museums to bridges, churches, and the theater district. Know where all you can go when holidaying or visiting New York. We recommend you try all of the mentioned ones in the list.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        10 Best Places To Visit in New York For A  Fine Cultural Experience

        ..
        SHARES

        11 Apr  2023

            Written by Sonia Renthlei 

Few cities as are well-known as the Big Apple. Times Square, the Empire State Building and the Guggenheim are just some of the places to visit in New York that embody what the city is all about – culture, art, feats of engineering and a buzzing energy one comes to expect from the City that Never Sleeps. Travelers who love the rush of being in a big city will find that New York doesn’t disappoint. In fact, it sets the bar for all else! Get ready for the thrill of your lifetime as you explore the best it has to offer. Check out our list of New York attractions to visit the next time you’re in the city.
10 Awesome Places to Visit in New York

 The Metropolitan Museum of Art
 The National 9/11 Memorial & Museum
Top of The Rock
Empire State Building
Ellis Island Immigration Museum and Statue of Liberty
American Museum of Natural History
Guggenheim Museum
Theater District
Brooklyn Bridge
St. Patrick’s Cathedral

1. The Metropolitan Museum of Art

Image Source The Metropolitan Museum of Art or ‘the Met’ as it’s commonly called is the biggest art museum in the US and is among the most famous in the world. Its vast collection of artworks is one of the best things to see in New York. You can also dine at the Great Hall Balcony Café & Bar and The Dining Room at the Met.
Suggested Read: 10 Romantic Places In New York Every Couple Must Visit For A Dreamy Escapade

Looking To Book An International Holiday?
Book memorable holidays on TravelTriangle with 650+ verified travel agents for 65+ domestic and international destinations. 

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. The National 9/11 Memorial & Museum

Image Source
Must Read: 10 Lavish New York Resorts For Timeless Luxury & Indulgence
A somber reminder of the September 11th 2001 attacks, the National 9/11 Memorial & Museum at the World Trade Center site is one of the places to see in New York. It tells the story of that fatal day through artifacts, photos, video and interactive materials. You can also see the Survivor Tree, which is a Callery pear tree that withstood the bombing and now serves as a symbol of survival and rebirth.
3. Top of The Rock

Image Source
Must Read: 20 New York Restaurants: The Culinary Capital Of The World
There’s no better way to see New York in its entirety than by heading to the Top of the Rock, an observatory located in Rockefeller Center. It’s one of the best places to visit in New York city. Along the way, you can see the Mezzanine Exhibit, the Radiance Wall and Breezeway. You can also try the interactive Beam Walk that was set up to honor the unforgettable photograph of construction workers sitting on a steel beam while having lunch.
4. Empire State Building

Image Source You can’t plan a trip to New York without visiting the Empire State Building. The beloved cultural icon was once the tallest building in the world and is also considered a wonder owing to the amount of work that went into its construction. Make it part of your New York sightseeing tour and make your way to the observatories to see the city laid out below.
5. Ellis Island Immigration Museum and Statue of Liberty

Image Source Trace the history of immigration in the US at the Ellis Island Immigration Museum. It tells the tale of the 12 million immigrants who entered the country through Ellis Island through an audio tour, exhibits and an interactive area. While at Ellis Island, you can’t skip a trip to the iconic Statue of Liberty. It’s one of the most popular places to visit near New York. Reserve tickets months in advance so that you can tour the pedestal and the crown.
6. American Museum of Natural History

Image Source

Planning your holiday but confused about where to go? These travel stories help you find your best trip ever!
Real travel stories. Real stays. Handy tips to help you make the right choice. 

Ramya Narrates The Story Of 6 Girls On An Extraordinary Trip To Thailand
Bangkok. Phi Phi. Krabi. Why should guys have all the fun?
Read More

Sandeep Illustrates On The Best Activities For A Family Trip To Mauritius
Water sports. Cocktail parties. And unlimited fun at Casela.
Read More

Nisarg Can't Stop Praising His Honeymoon Trip To Maldives
There was snorkeling, sightseeing, luxury, comfort, & much more!
Read More

Sabyacsachi's Romantic Trip Proves Europe To Be The Mother Of All Vacations
For Art, Culture, Luxury, & more...
Read More

Srishti Talks Of Her Amazing Trip To Singapore With Her Mother & Niece
A fun-filled destination for ages indeed!
Read More

67-Year Old Sridhar Tells How He Beat The Odds & Took A Solo Trip To Dubai
Desert safari. Burj Khalifa. Welcoming locals. Tell me more!
Read More

Not Adventure Lovers? Saurabh's Family Trip Proves Hong Kong To Still Be Full Of Fun
Your kids will love Disney Land & Ocean Park!
Read More

Ravi's Tale Of A Sri Lanka Family Tour Is All You Need To Know About Ramayana Tour
For the love of Ramayana & Travel!
Read More

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

One of the largest museums in the world has its home in the Upper West Side of Manhattan. The American Museum of Natural History is the best place to go in New York to see biodiversity and space captured in dioramas, installations, models and videos. Explore the Biodiversity and Environmental Halls, Birds and Reptiles and Amphibians Halls, Earth and Planetary Sciences Halls, Fossil Halls, Mammal Halls, Human Origins and Cultural Halls and the Rose Center for Earth and Space.
Suggested Read: Belvedere Castle In New York Will Be Shut In 2018 & Here’s Why You’ll Need A Plan B!
7. Guggenheim Museum

Image Source A short distance away in the Upper East Side is the Guggenheim Museum, an art museum that’s a work of art in itself! It was designed by famed architect Frank Lloyd Wright and its architecture can explored through public tours. The museum has a permanent collection of Impressionist, post-Impressionist, Modern and Contemporary art and features works by the greats like Picasso, Gauguin and Kandinsky. The museum also has an online store where you can buy exclusive archival prints, sculptures, ceramics and more.
8. Theater District

Image Source Everyone’s heard of Times Square but not many may know that it’s located in Theater District in Midtown West. The area is packed with Broadway theaters, recording studios and restaurants. There are so many terrific New York tourist spots here that it will take days before you can cover them all. Aside from the obvious – catching a Broadway show – you should go on a food tour of the numerous eateries.
9. Brooklyn Bridge

Image Source Another place of interest in New York that you absolutely can’t skip is the Brooklyn Bridge, an engineering marvel that took 14 years to build and saw as many as two dozen people – including the original designer – die during the process owing to ‘the bends’ and accidents. The majestic bridge continues to carry about 150,000 vehicles and pedestrians every single day. It’s often featured in film and television including in such titles like Limitless, The French Connection and Transformers 2.
10. St. Patrick’s Cathedral

Image Source An important landmark and a recognizable symbol of Roman Catholicism in New York, St. Patrick’s Cathedral is a beautiful neo-Gothic style structure that can accommodate up to 3,000 people. The magnificent façade features spires that rise up to 330 feet while the pieta is a whopping three times bigger than Michelangelo’s Pietà. Include it in your list of must-see places in New York especially if you love history and architecture.
Suggested Read: 10 Things To Do In Miami To Add A Hint Of Excitement To Your Vacation
Frequently Asked Questions About Places to Visit in New York

What are the top sightseeing places in New York City?

						Some of the best places to visit in New York City are: 1. The Metropolitan Museum of Art 2. The National 9/11 Memorial & Museum 3. Top of The Rock 4. Empire State Building 5. Ellis Island Immigration Museum and Statue of Liberty 6. American Museum of Natural History 7. Guggenheim Museum 8. Theater District 9. Brooklyn Bridge 10. St. Patrick’s Cathedral                     

What are the top activities in New York City?

						Here are some experiences you can enjoy in New York City: 1. Visit Central Park 2. Visit the Strong National Museum of Play 3. Spend time at Coney Island 4. Check out Grand Central Terminal 5. Enjoy ice skating at the Rockefeller Center                     

Can I visit New York during the current Covid situation?

						Yes, you can plan a visit to New York during the current Covid situation. However, make sure that you are completely vaccinated and always carry your vaccination certificate. Besides this, you need to follow government protocols that include wearing a mask when in public, sanitizing hands at certain intervals, and maintaining social distance.                     

What is famous in New York?

						One of the most visited states of the United States of America, New York is famous for its posh lifestyle, high-end restaurants, museums, churches, bridges, top-notch retails stores, and intriguing history. The destination makes a perfect pick especially for couples who are seeking an exiting international getaway.                     

How many days are enough for exploring Portugal?

						A trip of 5-6 days would be enough to witness the best of Portugal. To enjoy your vacation, you can go sightseeing and indulge in outdoor activities.                     

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?
Book memorable holidays on TravelTriangle with 650+ verified travel agents for 65+ domestic and international destinations. 

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: New York, Places To Visit, USA

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle     Visit The Holy Potra Kund In Mathura To Find Serenity     Seva Kunj In Vrindavan Is Where You Offer Prayers To Radha-Krishna     Explore The Beauty Of Chandrashekhar Azad Park In Uttar Pradesh     Explore The Historic Beauty Of Khusro Bagh In Uttar Pradesh     Explore The Tranquil And Green Refuge Of Rajghat Park Amidst Bustling Ayodhya In 2024        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > USA» > 10 Best Places To Visit in New York For A  Fine Cultural Experience

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: Attraction: The Metropolitan Museum of Art

          Attraction: The National 9/11 Memorial & Museum

          Attraction: Top of The Rock

          Attraction: Empire State Building

          Attraction: Ellis Island Immigration Museum and Statue of Liberty

          Attraction: American Museum of Natural History

          Attraction: Guggenheim Museum

          Attraction: Theater District

          Attraction: Brooklyn Bridge

          Attraction: St. Patrick’s Cathedral