URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-paris/
Title: Best Places To Visit In Paris For A Fancy Trip In 2024
Description: These 31 places to visit in Paris in 2024 will give you picture-perfect stops to witness the best of the city and the French culture. Take a glimpse at it.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        31 Best Places To Visit In Paris For A Dreamy Vacation In 2024

        ..
        SHARES

        07 May  2024

            Written by Sukanya Sen 

Paris is a picturesque dream destination. Spread over the banks of the Seine River in Northern France, it stands out for being one of those glitzy metropolises of the world. Its cityscape with iconic architecture of historical monuments and vintage palaces, art museums, cathedrals and more. The fascinating points of interest, defining the timeless beauty of Paris, dazzle a frequent visitor as much as they amaze a first-timer. It is because of all these best places to visit in Paris that it is considered to be one of the most beautiful places on the face of the planet. A visit to Paris can give you a whole new travel experience.
31 Places To Visit In Paris, France
Paris is one destination that no traveller can resist visiting. From fashion week to the flashy streets of  Paris will be exciting and will give you an extraordinary experience in this city. Read on to know what awaits you in the best places to visit in Paris!
1. Eiffel Tower

Image Credit: TheDigitalArtist for Pixabay
Among all the best places in Paris the first thing that pops into our head when talking about the city, is the Eiffel Tower.   The Eiffel Tower is a lattice tower made of wrought iron and one of the most important place to see in Paris. Built in 1889 it’s not just the city’s tallest structure but also a cultural icon for all of France. In Effiel Tower visitors can explore three levels, with restaurants and shops on the lower floors and breathtaking panoramic views from the top.  The Eiffel Tower is one of the top 10 places to visit in Paris. This is a place where you can have a completely different experience. Thus, It is not only one of the topmost tourist attractions in the city.
Location: Champ de Mars, 5 Av. Anatole France, 75007 Paris, FranceOpening hours: Mid-June to early September: 9 am to 12 midnight and Rest of the year: 9:30 am to 11:30 pmEntry fee: Entry Fee to the Eiffel Tower for kids below 4 years is free
Must Read: Restaurants Near Eiffel Tower In Paris

Europe Holiday Packages On TravelTriangle

Magnificent Switzerland Holiday 6D/5N Package @ Rs 69,999
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Magnificent Europe Tour 7D/6N Package @ Rs 70,975
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

France & Switzerland Tour Package 8D/7N @ Rs 90,000
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Scintillating Spain & Portugal Tour 11D/10N @ Rs 101,150
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

6 Country Europe Tour Package 12D/11N @ Rs 118,650
Best prices guaranteed. EMI option available.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. The Louvre

Shutterstock
Situated in the heart of the city, the Louvre is the most visited and most popular art museum and gallery in the entire world. It is also amongst the most beautiful places to visit in Paris in one day. Spread over a sprawling 21,000 hectares, this museum nestled  in the royal fort, also called the Louvre. The relics of the same are still visible in the basement area. One of the most popular places to visit in Paris is a lavish and exotic museum,  divided into several sections. These sections include Egyptian antiquities, Oriental antiquities, Islamic art, Greek and Roman art, and more from the medieval period.
Location: 75001 Paris, FranceOpening hours: 9 am to 10: 30 pm on Wednesday and Friday and the rest of the days from 9 am to 6 pm. It is closed on Tuesday.Entry fee: €12
3. Notre Dame Cathedral

Image Credit: iankelsall1 for Pixabay
Notre Dame is a famous and beautiful Roman Catholic cathedral. It is one of the many must-see places to visit in Paris. The Gothic style architecture, the amazing sculptures and the gargoyles fascinate every traveller. Its beauty lies in its ruins and domed roof. If you want to witness the beautiful architecture in Paris then this is the place to be. Moreover, it has a unique charm to itself which is simply hard to ignore. No wonder the place one of the most visited places in Paris. Local guides reminisce and impart tales about different points of interest. Small shops and eateries in the neighbourhood see the heavy inflow of tourists, just because of travellers’ piqued interest in the Cathedral. Hence, this place has a lot to offer so make sure that you are ready for a great experience at the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris.
Location: Notre-Dame Cathedral of Paris 6 Parvis Notre-Dame – Place Jean-Paul IIOpening hours: 8 am to 6:45 pmEntry fee: None
Suggested Read: Paris On A Budget
4. Arc De Triomphe

Alexandre Prevot for Wikimedia Commons
Built-in honour of the imperial army in the 19th century, the Arch of Triumph is an excellent structure and one of the most famous places in Paris. The amazing sculptures, pillar carvings and engraved victory tales on the arc are the elements of beauty here. The beauty of the place lies in its beautiful architecture. It is guaranteed that you are sure to get mesmerized by the amazing architecture of the place. Because of its beautiful architecture, the place is so popular among tourists. Throughout the year thousands of tourists visit the place. Thus, make sure that you check the place on your list.
Location: Pl. Charles de Gaulle, 75008 ParisOpening hours: April to September: 10 am to 11 pm and October to March: 10 am to 10:30 pm. It is closed on Monday.Entry fee: € 8
5. Montmartre

Image Source
Montmartre is a hillock located north of Paris and renowned for the white-domed Basilica and the bustling Square of Tertre. This highland attracts a plethora of tourists.  This crossroad always has painters and sculptors creating fascinating creations inspired by their surroundings. Montmartre has been an inspiration to many eminent artists, such as Claude Monet, Pablo Picasso, Vincent van Gogh, and Amedeo Modigliani in the past. This is among the top 10 places to visit in Paris for all the art lovers out there. If you wish to witness beautiful artwork in the city of Paris then this is the place to be. Additionally, you can witness the great artwork around the place. 
Location: Montmartre 75018 PariOpening hours: May to September – 8:30 am to 8 pm and October to April – 9 am to 5:30 pmEntry fee: None. Charges need to be paid for audio and video guides.
Suggested Read: Most Romantic Hotels In Paris
6. Palace Of Versailles

Image Credit: Mirabella for Wikipedia
Wondering what to see in Paris in 3 days? Built as an emblem of French Supremacy, the Palace of Versailles is one of the most popular world heritage and cool places to visit in Paris. This gigantic and awesome structure boasts landscaped gardens, exotic décor, an amazing terrace and a charming display of artwork of the Renaissance era. The Palace of Versailles is listed as a World Heritage Site for 30 years. In addition, it is one of the greatest achievements of 17th-century French art. The palace today contains over 2,300 rooms each designed uniquely. The magnificence of the palace is truly hard to ignore, making it one of the must-add destinations to your Paris trip in a 3-day itinerary.
Location: Place d’Armes, 78000 VersaillesOpening hours: 9 am to 6:30 pmEntry fee: €18 or €25 on the days of the Musical Fountains and Garden shows
7. Palais Garnier

Image Source
Palais Garnier is an age-old opera house in Paris, formerly known as Salle des Capucines. Often referred to as Opéra Garnier, this was the chief centre of Paris Opera – a famous group of opera artists in the city. Presently, it mainly stages mesmerising ballet shows. The mesmerising and pretty wooden carvings, paintings and artwork displayed in the main façade, stairway, stage fly tower, grand foyer and pavilions make it a major Paris point of interest. Thus, this is one of the top 10 places to visit in Paris. 
Location: Pl. de l’Opéra, 75009 ParisOpening hours: 10 am to 4.30 pm from September to June and 10 am to 5:30 pm from July to AugustEntry fee: €9
Suggested Read: Temple Of Love Paris
8. Quartier Latin

Image Source
Nestled on the bank of the Seine, Quartier Latin tops the list of must-see tourist attractions in Paris. It houses many renowned educational institutions like Ecole des Mines de Paris, Schola Cantorum, Ecole Polytechnique and Ecole Normale Superieure. Luxembourg Park is the private landscape garden surrounding the Senate House known for its picturesque fountains. The garden also hosts many sports championships including the championship of France Tennis. 
Location: Latin Quarter Paris, FranceOpening hours: 7 am to 1 hour before sunset in summer and 8 am to 1 hour before sunset in winter.Entry fee: None
9. Moulin Rouge

Image Source
As the birthplace of French Cancan, Moulin Rouge is a vintage and classic cabaret venue, located at the base of Montmartre highland. Formerly a seat for courtship dance, Moulin Rouge now is a nicely decorated and extravagant cabaret house. And of course, one of the most fascinating Paris tourist places. The well-illuminated building, sizzling music and romantic décor make it one of the best places to go in Paris at night. Also, if you’re looking for unusual places to visit in Paris, France, this might top some of the travellers’ lists.
Location:  82 Bd de Clichy, 75018 ParisOpening hours: 9 pm to 1 amEntry fee: €9
Suggested Read: Honeymoon In Paris
10. Disneyland

Image Credit: bunzellisa For Pixabay
A vibrant, colourful, cheerful and always bustling amusement park – Disneyland is one of the immensely popular tourist destinations in Paris. Disneyland in Paris is not only popular among kids but also among adults. Originally known as Euro Disney Resort, this is one of the most famous places to visit in Paris. Disneyland is famous for super fun rides, shows, animated movies, rallies and exciting moments of meeting your favourite characters. From exploring the Disney arcade, roaming in horse-drawn street vehicles, discovering ‘the Little Word’ to visiting the princess pavilion or clicking with favourite characters like Mickey or Pooh- the list has it all. If you are looking forward to spending a fun-filled day with your kids in Paris then this is the place to be.
Location: Bd de Parc, 77700 CoupvrayOpening hours: 10 am to 11 pmEntry fee: A ticket for one day costs £36.00 for adults and £30.00 for kids. Besides daily tickets, there are annual passes and holiday packages. 
11. Place De La Concorde

Image Source
Place de la Concorde is the largest square in France built in honour of King Louis XV’s recovery. This place referred to one of the popular points of interest in Paris. Initially, there was a statue of the king. But later the statute replaced by a statute of freedom known as Liberté. Presently the square surrounding the statue of the king is a bustling one decorated with fountains and other figures.
Location: 75008 ParisOpening hours: Throughout the dayEntry fee: None
Suggested Read: Paris Nightlife
12. Sainte-Chapelle

Image Source
As a perfect and glorious example of Gothic-style architecture, Sainte-Chapelle was the former residence of the king of France. It is now a beautiful Chappelle with marvellous décor and display. A restored national historic monument, it is mostly visited by history enthusiasts and photographers and is considered one of the must-see places to visit in Paris. Today, the place is one of the most popular places to visit in the city. The Chappelle is known to house several Christian relics including Christ’s thorn acquired by Saint Louis. You can witness all of these precious possessions only at the Sainte Chapelle.
Location: 10 Bd du Palais, 75001 ParisOpening hours: 9:30 am to 6 pmEntry fee: €10
13. Centre Pompidou

Image Source
Perched in the Beaubourg area, Centre Georges Pompidou is a fascinating and complex structure designed with superb intelligence and expertise. Also known as Pompidou Centre, this building houses a library, a museum and a centre for music and acoustic research. It is also the venue for several renowned exhibitions in France, organised every year. The collection of vintage, as well as contemporary art here, is truly amazing.
Location: Place Georges-Pompidou, 75004 ParisOpening hours: 11 am to 10 pmEntry fee: €10
Suggested Read: Bakeries In Paris
14. Musee D’Orsay

Image Source
Musee d’Orsay is one of the most popular museums in Paris, displaying some magnificent artwork and sculptures. Paintings of eminent artists like Berthe Morisot, Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres, Eugène Carrière Johan Barthold Jongkind etc are put up here for visitors. The place is a hot favourite amongst art enthusiasts, culture followers and history buffs. Thus, it is truly one of the most famous tourist places in Paris. 
Location: Esplanade Valéry Giscard d’Estaing, 75007 ParisOpening hours: 9:30 am to 6 pm on all days and till 9 pm on Thursday. The place is called on Mondays.Entry fee: None
15. Sacre-Coeur

Image Credit: edmondlafoto for Pixabay
Atop Montmartre, the Sacré-Coeur Basilica is a stunning tourist destination in Paris. Reflecting Romano-Byzantine features, this Basilica has immense spiritual significance. The portico, arches and walls show off nationalist themes while the garden area for meditation and fountain are perfect for solemn serenity and mental peace. The use of a camera is strictly banned inside the basilica.
Location:  Parvis du Sacré-Coeur – 35 rue du Chevalier de la Barre – 75018 ParisOpening hours: 6 am to 10:30 pmEntry fee: €5
Suggested Read: New Year In Paris
16. Tuileries Garden

Image Source
This is one of the most romantic places to visit in Paris. Located next to the Louvre, this is a beautiful place to visit in the city. The majority of the visitors visit the garden to enjoy the afternoon sun while gazing at the French formal garden design. The garden has a beautiful view which is going to calm your mind. If you wish to spend some quality time with your loved ones then this is the place to be. The garden also has a small amusement park which is a perfect spot for you to enjoy with your kids. This place is ideal for travellers on vacation with their families. When in Paris, you must visit this wonderful place once.
Location: Place de la Concorde – 75001 ParisOpening hours: 7 am to 9 pmEntry fee: Free
17. Musée De L’Orangerie

Image Source
If you are an art lover then this is the ideal destination for you in the city of Paris. This impressionist art gallery  situated  in the west corner of the Tuileries Garden. “The gallery is renowned for displaying the famous eight murals of water lilies by Monet.”Other than that you can also enjoy viewing other masterpieces by famous artists like Picasso and Renoir. Art happens to be an important part of the French countryside and therefore, there is every need for you to visit this beautiful art gallery. Visiting Paris and not exploring any art gallery makes your trip an incomplete one. So make sure that you squeeze in some time to visit this wonderful art gallery in Paris.
Location: Jardin Tuileries, 75001 Paris, FranceOpening hours: 9 am to 6 pmEntry Fee: 9 Euros
Suggested Read: Beaches In Iceland
18. Pantheon

Image Source
It is nestled in the dynamic Latin Quarter houses is a crypt that contains the tombs of famous French figures. Tombs of Victor Hugo, Marie Curie and Voltaire are contained at this place. This is one of the most important places to visit in Paris. By visiting this place you also get to explore the surroundings of the Latin Quarter. Latin Quarter is a lively student neighbourhood which is mainly known for bookstores, bistros and cheerful cafes. You can explore all of these by visiting this place in Paris.
Location: Paris, FranceOpening hours:10 am to 6:30 pmEntry fee: € 5 for Adults, € 3 for Teenagers and free for Children 
19. Jardin Du Luxembourg

Image Source
Located on the left bank of the River Seine, Luxembourg Park is a beautiful place to visit in Paris. The place has a charm of its own which never fails to impress its visitors. If you are a sucker for beautiful views then this is the place to be. The place is ideal for a family picnic. The lush green surroundings of the place are the best way to take a break from the busy life of the city. The serene beauty of the place is going to provide you with relief from the hustling and bustling city life. If you wish to spend a nice cosy afternoon with your loved ones then you can very well visit this place. Inside the park is the Palais du Luxembourg which too worth a visit. Overall, this is a great place to spend some quality time with your family.
Location: 75006 Paris, FranceOpening hours: 7 am to one hour before sunsetEntry Fee: None
Suggested Read: Paris Markets
20. Saint Germain Des Pres

Image Source
This place is also located along the River Seine. This Parisian neighbourhood is mainly known for its galleries, upscale shops, trendy cafes, and restaurants. The place has a lot of things to offer. If you are to visit this place make sure that you spend a full day here. You can explore a lot of things in the area. You can enjoy a nice cosy time in one of the cafes or restaurants in the area after long hours of exploration. Visitors should also be informed that the place is also famous for its thriving nightlife. So if you want to have a memorable night in Paris then this is the place to be. Thus, this is one of the must-visit places in the city of Paris.
Location: 3 place Saint-Germain-des-Prés – 75006 ParisOpening hours: 9 am to 10 am, 11 am to 5 pm and at 7 pm (only on Sunday)Entry Fee: Free
21. Musee Picasso

Image Source
If you are an art lover and have always been admiring the work of Picasso then Musee Picasso is a must-visit place in Paris for you.. The main attraction of the museum lies in the fact that it houses more than 5000 works along with tens of thousands of archive pieces. All of these pieces are comprehended to demonstrate the creative process of the Spanish cubist master Pablo Picasso. You can also explore the different artworks of the artist. Starting from drawing to sculpture to engraving, you can view it all here. Musee Picasso has a unique collection of works of the great artist. If you wish to see the whole works of Pablo Picasso then this is the place to be. By visiting this place you also get to learn a lot about the artist as well.
Location: 5 Rue de Thoringy, 75003 Paris, FranceOpening hours: 9:30 am to 6 pmEntry Fee: 12.50 euros, entry is free on the first Sunday of every month.
Suggested Read: Lollapalooza Paris 
22. Musee Rodin

Image Source
Musee Rodin is yet another must-visit museum in Paris. This particular museum is dedicated to the French sculptor Auguste Rodin. In the museum, you can witness some of his extraordinary works including The Kiss, The Thinker and The Gates of Hell. This is a place where you are guaranteed to be amazed by the works of the great sculptor. If you are someone who loves to appreciate art then this is the place for you. You can explore plenty of great works in the museum. Thus, this is a good way to learn about the art of sculpting in Paris.
Location: 77 Rue de Varenne, 75007 Paris, FranceOpening hours: 10 am to 5:45 pmEntry Fee: 12 Euros
23. Le Marais

Image Source
This is a place where you can explore plenty of things. The medieval streets of Le Marais are worth a visit. The place is filled with unique small shops, hip cafes, trendy galleries and restaurants. It can be said that this is a neighbourhood of great interest where you can have a great time with your loved ones. This is a great place to add to the list of places to visit in Paris in 3 days. Le Marais is known to have an Avant-garde reputation. If you want to spend a cosy afternoon in Paris then this is the ideal destination for you. So make sure that you don’t skip out this place from your list.
Location:  Le Marais, ParisOpening hours: 24 hoursEntry Fee:  Free
Suggested Read: Boutique Hotels In Paris
24. Galeries Lafayette

Image Source
If you want to have the ultimate shopping experience in Paris then there is no other place that can be better than the Galeries Lafayette. The spectacular galleries of Lafayette feel nothing less than a paradise for all shopping lovers. Galeries Lafayette is perched in the posh Opera neighbourhood. The grand department store is composed of three blocks of buildings and is renowned for featuring some of the top brands in France. Here, you can explore the shops of world-class brands such as Hermes, Chanel, and Louis Vuitton. Moreover, you can also get other brands as well. You can also visit the last floor to have a great view of the city. In short, this is a place which is worth visiting in the city of Paris. If you want to have some luxury experience then this is the place to be.
Location: Boulevard Haussmann, Paris, FranceOpening hours: 9:30 am to 8:30 pmEntry Fee: Free
25. Catacombs Of Paris

Image Source
This is yet another world-famous destination to explore in Paris. The significance of the place lies in the fact that it holds a huge collection of bones and ossuaries under the city. The place was formed in the 18th century when the overpopulation of the cemeteries was a rising problem. More than 6 million people were moved to the ossuary. The place is worth visiting. If you want to experience something unique on your trip then this is the place to visit. Here you can witness whole underground tunnels and caves filled with bones and skulls. This place is an ideal spot for all the adventure lovers that you must add to the list of places to visit in Paris in 2 days.
Location: 1 Avenue du Colonel Henri Rol-Tanguy, 75014 Paris, FranceOpening hours: 10 am–8:30 pmEntry fee: € 29  for Adult and 5 € for Child 

Suggested Read: Paris In October
26. Seine River

Amongst the most beautiful and popular places to visit in Paris, the Seine River is the heart of Paris. The river is 777 km long and is the major source of water in the city. While there’s not much to do at the river, there’s a lot to see around the banks of the river. Numerous famous monuments and buildings of the city, including the Eiffel Tower, Louvre Museum, and Place de la Concorde, can be found along the banks of the river. Even today, tourists and locals flock to both Rive Gauche and Rive Droite for various activities like sightseeing, shopping, dining, or just to enjoy the vibrant atmosphere. If you have just only one day this is the best place to visit in Paris in one day.
Location: Seine River, ParisOpening hours: NAEntry fee: Free
27. Île De La Cité

Image Source
The very centre of Paris, this island is one of the only two remaining isles in Paris. This is the place where the original Parisian tribes founded the city. There are only 981 residents in the area since only the northeast and western regions of the island are inhabited. There are many canon houses in the area, all developed in the 16th century. There is a memorial here for the people who were deported from Vichy to Nazi concentration camps during WW2- Mémorial des Martyrs de la Déportation.
Location: Île de la Cité – 75004 ParisOpening hours: 9 am to 1 pm(Monday to Friday)Entry fee: € 13
Suggested Read: Villages In France
28. Musée Jacquemart-André

Image Source
This museum, under the wing of Institut de France, is privately curated in the 8th arrondissement of Paris. Musee Jacquemart Andre museum has 5 parts and was designed by the famous French architect, Henri Parent. Before being turned into a museum, it was the residence of Édouard André and his wife, a famous society painter, Nélie Jacquemart. They collected famous art pieces their entire lives and put them up here for the world to see. Thus, this is one of the places to visit in Paris in one day for art lovers. 
Location: 158 Bd Haussmann, 75008 ParisOpening hours: 10 am–6 pm; Be here at least 30 minutes before it shuts down.Entry fee: Between € 7–11

29. Le Manoir De Paris

Image Source
Do you like the idea of haunted houses? Then you will love Le Manoir de Paris. Spread around 1000m², it is one best places to visit in Paris at night. The 30 artists who work here bring 14 Parisian legends to life – most of which are based on facts. The 23 rooms offer stories of horror told in 5 levels of fearfulness that visitors can choose from. There are 3 animatronics, a rabid dog and a garish gargoyle added to the fleet of “horror” objects. Furthermore, if you want to experience the thrill, this place is one of the must-see places in Paris.
Location: 18 Rue de Paradis, 75010 ParisOpening hours: 6 pm to 10 pm; Open only on weekends. (Fri-Sun)Entry fee: Adults 29€, 10 to 15 years old 20€ and Fast Pass at 37€
Suggested Read: Churches in Paris
30. Louis Vuitton Foundation

It is owned by the LVMH group. The main aim of the Louis Vuitton Foundation is to promote art and culture. With its incredible design and architecture, it has become one of the must-see places to visit in Paris.  Located  in the heart of Paris on Mahatma Gandhi Avenue, it is a must-visit place for those who have an interest in art and architecture. The building’s striking and unique design is a fusion of glass and steel, which allows natural light to seep into the building. Louis Vuttion Foundation’s collection of contemporary and modern art is awe-inspiring. Futhermore, the Foundation hosts many temporary exhibitions throughout the year, showcasing the works of some of the most talented artists of our time. 
Location: 8 Av. du Mahatma Gandhi, 75116 ParisOpening hours: 11 am–8 pmEntry fee: € 2.00
31. Pont Alexandre III Bridge

Image Credit: Katka100 for Pixabay
Touted as one of the most beautiful bridges in the entire world. It connects Champs-Élysées and Les Invalides and its foundation stone was laid in 1896. It was built for the 1900 Exposition Universelle, the fair that saw the introduction of radio, escalators, talking films, and the world’s most powerful microscope. Pont Alexandre III Bridge named after the Russian Tsar Alexander III, commemorates the alliance of Russia and France in 1892. Additionally, the Tzar was quite loved in France since he could speak French as fluently as a native.
Location: Cours la Reine – Quai d’Orsay – 75008 ParisOpening hours: 11am–8pmEntry fee:
Further Read: Shopping In Paris
So, what are you waiting for? Planning a trip to Paris is no longer a hassle for travellers all across the world! Why not treat your wanderlust for a thrilling holiday to this dreamy city too and indulge in the finest experience that this French capital has to offer?
For our editorial codes of conduct and copyright disclaimer, please click here. 
Frequently Asked Questions About Paris

What is the best place to visit in Paris?

						Also known as the city of love, Paris is a place where you cannot select one beautiful place because the city is lined with several attractions. If you are planning to explore Paris on your next expedition then make sure that you visit The Louvre, Eiffel Tower, and Notre Dame Cathedral as they are some of the most beautiful places to visit in Paris.                    

How many days do you need in Paris?

						Cities like Paris require at least three to five days to explore the main attractions and traverse the lanes of Paris. Apart from this, you can also hop on to clubs, restaurants, and coffee shops to live like Parisians.                    

What is the cheapest month to fly to Paris?

						If you want a budget trip to Paris then consider months like April, May, June, October, and early November to grab heavy discounts with less crowd on the streets of Paris.                    

Can one drink the tap water in Paris?

						Yes, the tap water in Paris is safe to consume and don’t have to use the money to buy bottled water.                     

Is tipping customary in Paris?

						Tipping in hotels and restaurants is a common practice in Paris and porters expect a little tip for their efforts.                     

Is a taxi expensive in Paris?

						One can’t define if the taxi fares are cheap or costly in Paris. The rates are moderate including the taxi fare and tip.                    

What should one buy in Paris?

						A trip to Paris is incomplete if one does not buy French Macarons, souvenirs, Baguette accessories, and many other things.                    

Looking To Book An International Holiday?

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read:
Places To Visit In Las Vegas Places To Visit In Asia Places To Visit In Tampa

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Paris

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts 8 Serene Places To Visit Near Eiffel Tower And Admire Its Timeless Beauty     Unfold The Fascinating Facts About Louvre Museum     7 Hidden Gems In Paris That You Must Uncover On Your Next Vacay     31 meilleurs endroits à visiter à Paris pour des vacances de rêve en 2023     Wineries In Paris: 8 Best Places To Sip The Ambrosia Called Wine     These Champagne Tours From Paris Should Be On Every Wine Connoisseur’s List        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > Paris» > 31 Best Places To Visit In Paris For A Dreamy Vacation In 2024

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found