URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-washington/
Title: 17 Places To Visit In Washington DC In 2023 For A Surreal Affair
Description: These 17 places to visit in Washington DC in 2023 will surely treat the culture vulture within you & make your trip extraordinary. Take a look before you head out!
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        17 Best Places To Visit In Washington DC In 2024

        ..
        SHARES

        10 Apr  2023

            Written by Vagisha Kaushik 

Being home to some of the most interesting museums and monuments in the world, Washington DC is one place in the U.S. that will definitely excite the history buff in you. It has preserved the country’s long-lost history and all the places to visit in Washington DC reflect that well. 
If you have ever been fascinated by the historic stories of war, power, and glory, then this is one city you ought to explore during your trip to the USA. Here are some of the best places in the city that will not only offer you an insight into the city’s culture but also help you absorb it well. Take a look!
17 Best Places To Visit In Washington DC
Here is a list of the best places to visit in Washington DC that will offer you a true glimpse of this historic city and its culture.
Lincoln Memorial Washington Monument National Gallery Of Art National Museum Of American History National Air And Space Museum Smithsonian Zoological Park National Cathedral International Spy Museum National World War Memorial White House Tidal Basin John F. Kennedy Center Of Performing Arts National Museum Of Women In The Arts Mount Vernon Estate Potomac River Georgetown Historic District National Portrait Gallery
1. Lincoln Memorial

Image Source
One of the major Washington DC tourist attractions, the Lincoln Memorial is dedicated to the 16th president of the U.S., Abraham Lincoln. Though it is not its architecture that is the most beautiful thing about it, rather it is its reflection that makes it look more majestic when seen in the pool. This memorial is a perfect place to visit if you wish to start your trip on a historic note!
Entry fees: No entry feeTimings: It remains open for the whole dayLocation: 2 Lincoln Memorial Cir NW, Washington, DC 20037, USA

Looking To Book An International Holiday?
Book memorable holidays on TravelTriangle with 650+ verified travel agents for 65+ domestic and international destinations.

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

10 Destinations In U.S.A For That Perfect American Honeymoon!
2. Washington Monument

Image Credit: csbwv / 8 zdjęć for Pixabay
Yet another structure that was built in the name of a powerful man, the Washington Monument is one of the top places to see in Washington DC. It was built to honor the first ever president, Washington DC whose name later also inspired the city’s name! An attraction with such interesting stories ought to be on your trip itinerary!
Entry fees: No entry feeTimings: 9:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m.Location: 2 15th St NW, Washington, DC 20024, USA
3. National Gallery Of Art

Image Credit: John Menard for flickr 
Treat the art lover within by visiting this art gallery which is also one of the best things to see in Washington DC. The gallery showcases different types of art created by different artists that cover everything from the middle ages to the modern-day.
Entry fees: No entry feeTimings: 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.Location: 6th & Constitution Ave NW, Washington, DC 20565, United States
8 Best Restaurants In Miami To Treat The Gastronome In You
4. National Museum Of American History

Image Source
One of the best historical places to visit in Washington DC, the National Museum of American History will excite the history buff in you. A visit to this museum will let you experience the creation of the nation and how it became a powerful empire now!
Entry fees: No entry feeTimings: 10:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.Location: 1300 Constitution Ave NW, Washington, DC 20560, USA
5. National Air And Space Museum

Image Source
If you’re someone who loves planes and rockets, then this is the right place for you to visit. This museum provides an insight into the history of planes and air crafts and also the process of building them. Visiting this place will surely make you feel proud of how far human imagination has reached!
Entry fees: No entry feeTimings: 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.Location: 600 Independence Ave SW, Washington, DC 20560, USA
15 Best Things To Do In Boston That You Just Can’t Miss!
6. Smithsonian Zoological Park

Image Source
In Washington DC, a sightseeing tour of this amazing spot will take you closer to nature. This national zoological park has around 400 species which include pandas, lions, elephants, and more. Spotting these creatures and being around them will definitely pamper the wildlife enthusiast in you. Visiting here is indeed one of the best things to do in Washington DC.
Entry fees: No entry feeTimings: 8:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m.Location: 3001 Connecticut Ave NW, Washington, DC 20008, USA

Planning your holiday but confused about where to go? These travel stories help you find your best trip ever!
Real travel stories. Real stays. Handy tips to help you make the right choice.

Ramya Narrates The Story Of 6 Girls On An Extraordinary Trip To Thailand
Bangkok. Phi Phi. Krabi. Why should guys have all the fun?
Read More

Sandeep Illustrates On The Best Activities For A Family Trip To Mauritius
Water sports. Cocktail parties. And unlimited fun at Casela.
Read More

Nisarg Can't Stop Praising His Honeymoon Trip To Maldives
There was snorkeling, sightseeing, luxury, comfort, & much more!
Read More

Sabyacsachi's Romantic Trip Proves Europe To Be The Mother Of All Vacations
For Art, Culture, Luxury, & more...
Read More

Srishti Talks Of Her Amazing Trip To Singapore With Her Mother & Niece
A fun-filled destination for ages indeed!
Read More

67-Year Old Sridhar Tells How He Beat The Odds & Took A Solo Trip To Dubai
Desert safari. Burj Khalifa. Welcoming locals. Tell me more!
Read More

Not Adventure Lovers? Saurabh's Family Trip Proves Hong Kong To Still Be Full Of Fun
Your kids will love Disney Land & Ocean Park!
Read More

Ravi's Tale Of A Sri Lanka Family Tour Is All You Need To Know About Ramayana Tour
For the love of Ramayana & Travel!
Read More

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

7. National Cathedral

Image Source
Witness the glorious architecture and the rich culture of the American city by visiting the famous National Cathedral. One of the top places to visit in the city, this church offers a peaceful and heavenly environment. So, even if you’re not too religious, make sure you stop by this place to soak in a little bliss.
Entry Fee:

Adults: INR 824
Teens: INR 549
Children: Free

Timings:

Monday – Friday: 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Saturday: 10:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
Sunday: 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.

Location: 3101 Wisconsin Ave NW, Washington, DC 20016, USA
India To US @ Just INR 13,500? It’s Raining Cheap Flights!
8. International Spy Museum

Image Credit: Tony Fischer for flickr 
What to see in Washington DC would never be your concern if a visit to this unique museum is on your list. Known as the International Spy Museum, this place houses the world’s largest international espionage artefact collection. Needless to say, this place will surely bring out the spy within you too. So, if you want to explore top 10 places to visit in Washington DC, International Spy Museum should definitely be on your list. 
Entry Fee:

Senior: INR 1200
Adults: INR 1500
Youth: INR 1026
Children (below 6 years): Free

Timings: 9:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m.Location: 800 F St NW, Washington, DC 20004, USA
9. National World War Memorial

Image Source
This place was built to honour the people who sacrificed their lives during World War II. Apart from the rich history, it also has a splendid fountain at the centre and several symbols of victory which add to its beauty. So, if you’ve ever been intrigued by the world war stories, this is one place you cannot afford to skip.
Entry Fees: No entry feeTimings: Open 24 hoursLocation: 1750 Independence Ave SW, Washington, DC 20024, USA
15 Best Treehouses In The World That Make The Dreamiest Stay Ever
10. White House

Image Source
In Washington DC, places to visit are innumerable but an attraction like the White House is something you cannot afford to miss! Not just the city, but the whole nation is known because of this pure white building which is famed to be the president’s residence. And while you won’t be able to take a full tour of the house, a visit to some of its parts will still make you feel like royalty!
Entry Fees: No entry feeTimings:Tuesdays & Thursdays: 7:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m.Fridays & Saturdays: 7:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m.Location: 1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Washington, DC 20500
11. Tidal Basin

Image Source
One of the best places to visit in Washington DC in summer, Tidal Basin offers spectacular views and is home to some of the famous historic monuments. The renowned National Cherry Blossom Festival is also celebrated here. Also offering boating, it is undoubtedly the best for recreation and peace.
Entry Fees: No entry feeTimings: Open 24 hoursLocation: Tidal Basin and Ohio Drive NW, Washington DC, DC 20003
11 Sparkling Places That Appear To Be From Another World But Are Actually On Earth
12. John F. Kennedy Center Of Performing Arts

Image Source
John F. Kennedy, who was the 35th President of the U.S. always loved and promoted art. This center for performing arts was created in his name and follows the same trail of promoting creativity. It hosts many shows and attracts millions of people throughout the year. You can watch a free concert around 6 in the evening and learn a lot about art at the same time.
Entry fees: Depends On The EventTimings:

Monday-Friday: 10:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.
Saturday-Sunday: 10:00 a.m. – 1:00 p.m.Location: 2700 F St NW, Washington, DC 20566, USA

13. National Museum Of Women In The Arts

Image Source
Housing a collection of achievements of the women in the field of arts, this museum is the only place dedicated to women’s contribution to the art. It features works created by women dating from the 16th century and offers an experience like none other!
Entry Fee: INR 686 for adults, INR 550 for students and tourists above the age of 65, and free entry for kidsTimings: 10 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (Monday to Saturday) and 12:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. (Sunday)Location: 1250 New York Ave NW, Washington, DC 20005, USA
12 Domes Around The World That Depict Ancient Architecture At Their Best
14. Mount Vernon Estate

Image Credit: Skeeze / 12140 for pixabay
Situated on a hill, Mount Vernon is a huge mansion, which was earlier owned by George Washington. Offering beautiful mountain views, this 14-room mansion is now restored and furnished with objects that are as old as of the 18th century. If you’re looking for the best places to visit in Washington DC in one day, then this is where you need to go!
Entry Fee: INR 1,236 for adults, INR 755 for the youth, and free entry for the kids below the age of 5 yearsTimings: 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.Location: 3200 Mount Vernon Memorial Highway Mount Vernon, VA 22121
15. Potomac River

Image Source
If you visit Washington DC, then make sure you also head to the nearby gorgeous Potomac River, which is a gateway to various popular attractions of the city. Apart from offering splendid views of nature, the river also offers the activities like kayaking and bicycling. It is undoubtedly the best places to visit in Washington DC in winter to have ultimate fun in the city which looks heavenly in winters.
Entry Fee: No entry feeTimings: NALocation: Washington D.C., USA
16. Georgetown Historic District

Image Source
From upscale homes and shops to high-end restaurants and scenic views, there’s a lot you can explore in the beguiling Georgetown Historic District. Tracing all the way back to the mid-1700s and named to respect King George II, Georgetown is one of the most bustling neighbourhoods where you can learn about Washington’s history and culture.
Entry Fee: No entry feeTimings: NALocation: Washington D.C., USA
17. National Portrait Gallery

Image Source
The National Portrait Gallery is a historical institution situated in Washington, D.C. preserving the accounts of America through the people who laid out American culture through the visual expressions, performing expressions and new media. The Portrait Gallery depicts writers and presidents, visionaries, entertainers and activists.
Entry Fee: No entry feeTimings: NALocation: Washington D.C., USA
Further Read: Washington DC In Winter: A Guide To Help You Redefine Your Winter Vacation
Now that you know about all the mind-boggling attractions that this city has, we are sure that you wouldn’t need a Washington DC travel guide at all. So, don’t think much and plan your US trip with TravelTriangle right away for an enriching holiday experience!
For our editorial codes of conduct and copyright disclaimer please click here. 
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Washington DC

What is Washington DC famous for?

						Washington DC is one of the most visited places in the US. Apart from being the home of the president of America, Washington Dc is known for its culture, museums, historic sites and a number of embassies.                     

What is the most visited site in Washington DC?

						The Air & Space Museum, the Museum of Natural History and the Museum of American History are the most visited places in the entire Washington DC.                     

What is there to do in Washington DC?

						Here are a few things do in Washington DC on your vacation: 1. Tour the United States Capitol 2. Admire the spectacular beauty of the Lincoln Memorial 3. Get amazed by the exhibits of the National Air & Space Museum 4. Stroll along the beautiful attraction of National Mall 5. Pay a visit to the stunning Washington National Cathedral                     

Is there any entry fee for National Gallery Of Art?

						No, the entry to National Gallery Of Art is free of cost.                    

Where should I stay when visiting Washington DC?

						Some of the best areas to stay on your visit to Washington DC are: 1. Woodley Park- Best for sightseeing 2. Chinatown- Best for nightlife 3. Foggy Bottom- Best for shopping 4. Lenfant- Best for family stay                     

What is the best time of year to visit Washington DC?

						September to November and March to May is the best time of the year to visit Washington DC. It’s the time when you can see changing leaves and feel the crisp breezes that paint the city in several shades of orange and yellow.                     

What is the best way to get around in Washington DC?

						The best and the most economic way to get around in Washington DC is by a metro/ subway which connects all the important places of the city pretty well.                     

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?
Book memorable holidays on TravelTriangle with 650+ verified travel agents for 65+ domestic and international destinations.

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read
Places To Visit In California Places To Visit In Interlaken Places To Visit In Kaza

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Places To Visit, USA, Washington Dc

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Chaukhandi Stupa Is An Interesting Spot For Your Next Trip To Varanasi In 2024     Exploring The Mysteries Of Samudra Koop Which Is A Sacred Well In Allahabad To Visit In 2024     A Comprehensive Guide To The Enchanting Beauty Of Dashashwamedh Ghat To Explore In 2024     A Pilgrim’s Guide To Dwarka’s Divine Temple Of Shree Dwarkadhish Temple To Explore In 2024     Experience The Spiritual Splendor Of Kalachakra Temple In Mcleodganj In 2024     A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > USA»Washington Dc» > 17 Best Places To Visit In Washington DC In 2024

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: Attraction: Adults: INR 824

          Attraction: Teens: INR 549

          Attraction: Children: Free